Handsome Ergo Keyboard for the masses.
A great keyboard (potentially) ruined by a lack of 'FN' key. But HERE is a solution!
10 on form, 0 on function.
Close to a perfect keyboard, with a bunch of deal-breaker flaws that I can't keep forgiving.
Much better than the old ergonomic keyboards but not perfect yet.
Relieves wrist pain, but not without costs
I loved this product for a few months
Bad wrles [wireless] keyboard
Great replacment for noisy ergonomic KB
Wastes lots of batteries. Rechargeable batteries will cause a signal to be too weak. Small and bad located buttons.
I love this ergonomic keyboard as much as my trusty old MS Elite--maybe more.
Broke in seven months, the Microsoft warranty is worthless.
The Sculpt keyboard - so close to ideal, but little things muck it up
and so far I really like it. The keys are much easier to press ...
Really wanted to like this, but the wireless interface is junk.
Excellent for the average office worker
Keyboard very poor quality. Mouse was obviously used. Don't waste your money
Great design, poor durability
Best Keyboard I've Owned So Far
Do not buy if you need work done fast.
Don't like the defective space bar that misses keypresses causing typos.
Worst keyboard
Great form, very poor software/hardware.
I wish there was a wired version
but there are some design considerations that make it hard to recommend this as a good replacement
My wrists so appreciate the comfort :-)
Love the feel, but some serious issues for fast typers
Issue after A Year ! Worst Customer service from Microsoft
Needs fiddling to make it great
Great keyboard except for the really bad function keys and floating number pad.
Flawed design. Great physical layout.
Awkward right cluster... Not good with Mac
Ok, not perfect - after a few years, battery life became an issue
For an ergo keyboard that's not the size of a small car, it's close enough to perfect.
Really good; almost perfect.
Great keyboard, with spotty wireless connection
Not good for programmers or software engineers who use vi
Perfect, except it stopped working after a few months
Nice, but too wide, Returning
Great Keyboard- some details I would like to share
Well designed keyboard
Great Keyboard!
Amazing keyboard layout
Almost perfect keyboard
Caveat emptor!
Awful Wireless Performance!
Amazing Keyboard, Quality Control Issues
Great feel, solid keyboard. Some changes to get used to though
Excellent keyboard. My only two complaints are 1
I purchased this one because f the removable key pad which allows me t center the KB much better and have the muse more cmfrtabl
Delayed/missing keystrokes, dongle jam, uneven key pressure. A nice looking piece of junk.
I like the feel of the keyboard
Great keyboard!
breaking USB receiver = you are 100% screwed
This is the greatest joy that the technological world has brought us
Overall good, better than the competitors, but far from perfect
Keep a spare on-hand
Not useful if you want what your fingers press to accurately be represented.
Misses the mark
Good for developers
Very disappointed in this keyboard
Keys don't always register and they are unpleasant to use
but more than I would like to see in a $100 product
Ergo is great; wireless is weak
As long as you don't mind it missing a few letters it's good
Excellent keyboard; horrible durability.
A nice compact ergonomic keyboard!
Came as expected. Does what I need it to do.
Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard - Highly recommended
Long battery life, very comfortable
Ergonomic & Durable
My Favorite Keyboard
Stopped working within 6 months
Great Product!
Light weight, great size, and good overall design. *But not perfected yet.
Stopped working after 5 months, Microsoft Technical Support was completely useless. I won't be buying again
A very handy device!
but I favor low-travel keys because I don't like pounding on a keyboard for 10 hours straight
The best egonomic keyboard
The only keyboard for me.
Ergonmic with issues.
Great keyboard for ergonomics, not for KVMs
If you suffer from carpal tunnel, GET THIS KEYBOARD!
I really like this keyboard
I would say that it does the job pretty well, but it's not ideal for many situations
Intermittently Misses 90% of Keystrokes - Otherwise Best Keyboard Yet
Excellent product!
Terrible USB wireless issues. Avoid!
Single best ergonomic keyboard I've ever used
Great option for Mac Users
The design of this keyboard is amazing, but it failed on me in two ways
Feels good, but with some problems...
Nice feel and it is quite, but way to Problematic!
Decent with a caveat
Nice to type on, weird edit/cursor keys.
Most comfortable keyboard EVER
Nice Wireless Keyboard
Product Improvements
Cannot replace USB dongle
Quiet, easy to use keyboard without some obvious features
5 stars when it was working. 1 star when it started to delete my inbox repeatedly. Back to 5 stars when I found a fix.
and still perfect. Some reviewers have also stated that the keys ...
I'm pretty picky about my keyboards
Recommended - good price and works well for ergonomic issues
Dont waste your money
Good, but some shortcomings
problematic
Flaky, though a great improvement over Natural 4000. Probably the best ergonomic keyboard
Battery killer....
Elegant, but not quite so ergonomic!
Prettier, quieter, but not smarter
Absolutely the best keyboard I have ever used!
Nonexistent customer service for 6-month old keyboard
An excellent addition for those suffering with carpal tunnel or shooting pains down their arm
A keyboard you'll hate to love
Great Keyboard, detached number pad is bad, broke in 6 months.
Comfortable and improved my typing accuracy
Keyboard, worth using, mouse worth using for clay shooting
Nice alternative to the corded Natural keyboards which have been going downhill for years
Space bar trouble
Very nice looking keyboard
Wireless rig is garbage, I wish I could return this now.
ergo-awesome.
Great replacement for my Microsoft Natural Keyboard
Great Ergonomics. Dumb navigation key layout.
Love it and HATE it
Good value, comfortable keyboard
Good but backspace key has intermittent failure
First Ergonomic Keyboard - I'm a fan!
It is exactly what I was looking for!!
Flawed Function Button Pressure / Not Suitable For Programmers / Power Users.
and I liked it well enough to buy a second one
Awesome
USB Dongle
OK but Not the Best!  Squeaky Keys and Strange Key Locations.
Very nice, but interference can be an issue
Terrific for small spaces great touch!!!
Excellent work keyboard
Good Product
Great Purchase
Myabe for hunt and peck types - definitely not for typists
A perfect transition from Natural Keyboard to Sculpt
Quiet, modern, and cordless!
My favorite keyboard
What good is a keyboard that doesn't write what you type?
Really Good, Really Ergonomic
Comfortable keyboard that will help you improve typing by forcing proper typing technique.
Great keyboard, but MS - QUIT MOVING KEYS AROUND!!!!
Okay ergonomic keyboard. . .not incredible- UPDATE 2/4/14
The battery life is excellent, I've changed the batteries maybe once every 6 ...
Great HTPC Keyboard
This is the BEST Ergonomic Keyboard Out There
Ergonomic shoulder saver!
awesome! only one real con
Great keyboard if you get one that works
Routinely just stops working. Doesn't help with hand fatigue.
Finally, perfection in a keyboard.
Small foot print, comfortable, quiet keys. Worth the price.
This is by far the best keyboard that I have ever used....
great feel, best i've experienced, but there are trade offs
Difficult to adjust to
I love this keyboard
New vs old Microsoft ergonomic keyboard - first feel
I love to hate this keyboard
Great looking product
Aesthetic, Functional, and Super Comfortable
It worked less than 2 months
comfortable, function keys no good, some quirks
Bad Wireless? It took an added 75 keystrokes to ...
No more wrist pain!!!!
I really like that keyboard
It?s very good, but with some considerations to keep in mind
Feels great but quality isnt
Love it.
Not as good as I'd hoped
Great keyboard with one annoying issue
Your wrists will thank you, but don't expect it to last many years.
Awesome product, small annoyances
Stopped working..... Replaced by Amazon
Great Keyboard for Carpal Tunnel Syndrome or Bilateral Wrist Discomfort
REVIEW Sensitive to signals on the usb adapter
Cheap Keyboard
Great keyboard especially for those of us with short arm reach!
Saved me from having surgery
Great as a replacement for the Natural
Sending this thing off to Craigslist
Really Nice Ergo Split Keyboard - But Don't Count On the Number Pad
Sleek and compact
Cannot re-assign Keys
Worked great briefly, then died
Give it a try!
I really like this keyboard
This is a wonderful keyboard.
Hey! My hands don't hurt anymore!
I really want to love this keyboard
Loved up until two years
Good keyboard, excellent ergonomics.
Cannot differentiate between spacebar keys
Wireless interference ruins a great product
Great Ergonomic Keyboard. I Prefer it to MS Surface. Works Well With Mac.
Moving on and moving up in the ergonomic keyboard world.
I love typing on it, but repetitively used keys stick and the Num Pad needs a new battery almost out of the box
Alleviates wrist and shoulder pain during frequent typing
Great Keyboard but Use Autohotkey to Get Around the Awful Function Key Toggle Switch
Finally, my perfect keyboard!
Works great for me
best microsoft keyboard but far from perfect
May not be best option
Looks beautiful, but has many irritations and is not prime for fast touch typists.
Very nice keyboard.
Almost perfect, fixable using keybaord mapping
I love this keyboard
Amazing comfort, detachable keypad great.
Great keyboard-only one minor flaw
Perfect ergonomics. Make the change. Takes about two weeks before you're back to 95% proficiency.
Do not buy this Keyboard
Great keyboard, easy on the hands
Gimmicky with some poor design decisions
Great keyboard at a greater price
Decent keyboard - not a panacea
Lot of getting used to for the new layout
Great if you arrange everything right!
Comfortable and smooth key operation
Possibly not new, but at least the first one works.
Keys get stuck, especially the F-keys.
I like it, very quite keystrokes.
So far, love it. Taking some time to retrain my fingers tho.
Absulutely loved it before it started to fail
ALMOST exactly what I've been looking for
Would rate it a 5 if backspace key worked properly.
Awful function keys that constantly get stuck prevent this from being a perfect keyboard
Great
Highly recommended to my Emacs fellows.
needs a longer shelf life
Not for touch typist
Very sexy keyboard with no wires!
Best Microsoft Ergonomic Keyboard yet!
The best MS Keyboard to date.
I like having a separate numeric keypad
My favorite new keyboard in a long time!
Good ergonomics, poor spacebar reliability
Great keyboard, less pain
Great keyboard
he enjoyed how light weight it was and found it comfortable ...
Works great I got a small plug that I can plug ...
Perfect
the most comfortable ergonomic keyboard I've used
Love this keyboard
Keeps losing connection
Dogle is very small
Ergonomic Keyboard with non-normal button placement
Favorite Keyboard
Lacking some features of old Ergonomic Keyboard, but overall, still impressed.
Love this keyboard!
Good except function keys, numeric keypad
First wireless keyboard where I have been happy with the speed and overall performance
Love this keyboard.
Awesome Keyboard!
Awesome Design
Only lasted me about 4 months before going into garbage, but nice keyboard during that 4 months
Missing separate number pad!
1 year later, keyboard is a shadow of it's former self
WARNING: Keys are non responsive after only a few ...
MIcrosoft invented a real keyboard!  Get one!
Nice and quiet
Beautiful joke.
Part Awesome - Part Not So Much
Wish I could love it
Nice!
Loveliest Ergonomic Option
Descent keyboard with extreme limitations
Another one bites the dust
Highly recommend
The N key is kinda wierd and she had trouble typing fast like usual but in a couple days she has mastered ...
Key Sticking impossible to work
Comfrotable, with an occasional squeak.
Amazing design.  Crummy construction.
Mostly very good
You'll have to learn their crammed key set up.  Good luck.
Fantastic keyboard. I think it is a nice improvement ...
Looks cool. Super comfy typing. Works on linux.
Generally a really good keyboard, not vim friendly tho.
MUCH more comfortable typing.
A great keyboard!!
Good Ergo, Fast typing and compact.
Comfortable, weird looking keyboard.
Overall, an upgrade from the Ergo 4000
A great improvement over the standard keyboard
Batman's keyboard. So the batkey? Batboard? Cool, clean and helpful.
Not a good fit for my small hands.
Loses connection, sticky keys, not worth the money
Loud space bar! other than that pretty good
Very nice.
noisy keys, hard on fingers
Very comfortable
Only drawback is the price, but it's worth it
Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard
Poor build quality; key break easily. Good ergonomics
Ergonomic Shape + Chiclet Keys = One-of-a-Kind
I love(d) this keyboard
I was pretty hesitant about switching to this keyboard
Has potential but deeply flawed. Radio receiver fails often!
One Star
Don't buy if you use the space bar when you type
Great Keyboard
Everything I wanted from an ergonomic keyboard (almost)
Clunky, wish wrist rest was removable
Not impressed for the money.
Awesome, awesome, awesome... the BEST keyboard ever!
Ergonomic, using it for 4 years!
I really like the layout
Nice design, low battery life.
Great keyboard and decent price.
The New Natural
feels good
Incredible customer service
great for writing up letters, but bad for programming
My favorite keyboard at the moment
Great keyboard for ergonomics! Just slightly off
Good ergonomic keyboard
This is simply the very best of all the ergonomic keyboards
Nice Product - Very Happy
Top ergonomic keyboard that FAILS at the BASICS.
Good quality
I love this keyboard. The feel and response of the keys. The quietness. Above all, the way my hands rest comfortably on it.
Pain is gone!
Finally an ergonomic keyboard with detachable side keypad, yay!!
Very comfortable, but disappointing performance.
Does not last long
Good body, terrible keys.
Several keys rapidly "lock" throughout day.  JUNK! Buyer beware!
Do not buy!!!!
1-2-3 Go for Great Relief.
which I usually wear at work but no other place because typing sucks. So far so good and I hope it ...
If you miss the Microsoft natural key / Elite, this is your replacement
If you write a lot, buy it
Unreliable
I'm happy with the Sculpt and I think it's a solid ...
Awesome keyboard, lackluster Mac support out of the box (but workarounds available)
Almost perfect
Love it.
Helped with RSI cubital tunnel issues
Sleek and comfortable with some issues
Love this keyboard - bought 3!
Comfortable typing
this is low profile feeling comfortable and working well
Good Ergonomics but some keys are in goofy spots
I haven't had the keyboard long but I love it. It did take some time to get ...
My daily use. I bought another one and took it to work.
perfect for tension relieve on wrist and hand
It worked well until it did not
Diasppointed
Nice keyboard
Some Regrets
One Step Forward; Two Steps Back
Works well, 10-keypad has horrendous battery life
USB extension cable solves communication problem
I like the detachable number pad
comfortable tool, smart design
works in OS X
Comfortable ergonomic keyboard.
LOVE this keyboard // enter key doesn't always work?
Excellent Keyboard
It's comfortable and nice looking
this isn't a problem for me but I figured it was best to include it
The latency is unacceptable.
Perfect
This is a gift and my friend loves it.
Problem with Shift + a few keys, MS support sucks
Amazing keyboard lasted eight months
Lots of potential, but too many changes for an iterative upgrade.
Used this for 2 years now and absolutely love it. The battery leaked so somehow keyboard stopped ...
Sleek and quieter key clicks
Great for work
Feels good but please excuse typ0s!
Very comfortable
Works great on a Mac!
What you need
Great improvement to the ergo design
First of all this is a very comfortable keyboard. The palm rest works well to relieve ...
Good Keybaord, but bells and whistles only squeak (no dings).
I love the feel and typing on this keyboard.
Intermittent performance at best. Very disappointing.
Great investment for the health of your wrist.
Excellent keyboard and a good value.
Very comfortable to type on
The form factor is great though, really
Feels natural once you get used to it
Fatal design flaw
Just what you need for long, quiet, and busy typing sessions.  Just know the space-bar can be noisy.
quiet and very comfortable. I love this keyboard
Updated Ergonomic 4000, much improve!
Good. But the 10-key is awkward.
Nice look and feel.  Difficult to install.
Just what I wanted and needed!!
My All-Time Favorite Ergo Keyboard
Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard - the Sublime and the Awful
Microsoft Sculpt Ergo keyboard, but not for businss
GRRRRR8 KEYBOARD
A poor choice of keyboards for me
Easy to learn
Awesome, but if you loose the nickel-sized USB dongle, the keyboard is useless...
Experience Keyboard Lag When Playing Games
Best Ever...Period.
short distance wireless
Got tennis elbow?
Great keyboard - but squeeks
Highly sensitive to sweat, too fragile for day to day use
Great upgrade from the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000/7000
Perfect for varidesk and moving number pad to the left
It's great except useless if you lose the dongle
Great ergo keyboard.
If you're on the fence, buy it
Great ergonomic wireless keyboard
Better than a standard flat chicklet, but still a chicklet.
So far, so good!
The keyboard is great. The only thing I don't like is that ...
great keyboard but ... wireless dongle ...
Best ergonomic keyboard
Nice keyboard, and my mouse is not where it should be
Love the keyboard, but don't like that the 10-key pad can't attach to the keyboard.
Fantastic keyboard. Lost a star because the ESC key ...
Super comfy keyboard
But the curved keyboard works and is super responsive. It doesn't last more than 4-5 years
This is the best one
Great Ergonomic Keyboard (even if you do not need the ergonomic layout)
Comfy, works with Mac.
Good idea, typical Microsoft execution, probably great for non-business use.
Worth it!
Go with the wired version. This one is wireless, that's about the only reason I'd recommend it...
Good keyboard except...
It is a flakey POS, cause of unending frustration.
Good, not great
Greatly helped my Carpal Tunnel
I love this keyboard
Wonderful ergonomic keyboard.
as recommended. The number pad just didn't work and wouldn't ...
I really like the main alphabet layout--it's very comfortable and the keys ...
Best ergonomic product but don't lose the USB receiver
My favorite keyboard from now on
Had 2 break under minimal use
Good hardware, wireless and ergonomic.
Lightweight and Versatile
Don?t buy this keyboard- known Microsoft issue
works great but...
Time to Adjust - but Worth It!
4.5-star. Superior to alternatives (MS Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 and Logitech)
keypad stopped working within days
the best
Good but not excellent
Fantastic keyboard with a mostly minor layout issue.
Good, but looses keypresses sometimes.
Fantastic product
Happy with this
Finally an ergo keyboard the is both slick looking and works for tired fingers
One of the most fantistic keyboards ever.
Redesign fail or bum unit, either way it sucked
nice ergonomic design
This is an excellent product!
Hands down the best ergonomic keyboard ever made!
Nice design and feels good quality
Don't lose or damage the dongle!
Great idea, lousy execution
Physical keyboard is great, wireless not so much
Great keyboard, nice feel
4 years daily use. You get what you pay for, which is not too bad.
It will go through periods where everything works beautifully and life is good
Great keyboard but the FN keys not easily accesssible.
Great for work, not for games.
Ergonomics are great, but BIOS doesn't recognize it
Awesome keyboard!
90's classic reinvented and improved
Good ergonomics, but with some important flaws.
From a 4000 to this, pretty good change.
Do not buy this keyboard.  Microsoft - fix your product.
... of reviews for this so I'll simply say I LOVE it. It took a bit to find the ...
Spacebar Clacks
Defective keys.
Nice size and shape
Great Keyboard, unusable with USB-hub
Best ergonomic keyboard I've ever had
Beautiful, but unreliable and not a good deal
I can say out of all the ones I've used this one is the one I've liked the best
I have a love hate relationship with this keyboard
Love this! Bought one for home and one for ...
Layout if off
Great ergonomic product
Nightmare
Wireless signal has interference when plugged into USB3 port
Other than that it has been great.
Very comfortable, but shows wrist oil
Very comfortable keyboard with several desirable features
The B needs to be accessible to both left and right hand, but it is only on the left.
Looks great, didn't last long
Very nice keyboard, finally got me to transition to chicklet keyboards
These are my favorite ergonomic keyboards
The best keyboard EVER!
Stops typing or types intermittently
Worth the investment! I type everyday for work and ...
Gives me the option for a small footprint keyboard
Easy key touch
Bad connection
Horrible range
Most comfortable keyboard, durable.
The "insert" key is right next to the ENTER key.
I like this a lot but there's no way to charge ...
This is my second. The mouse on my first ...
Great Layout - Great Keyboard!
Great key response and spacing...but died after 1 1/2 year
Not bad but should be better.
I LIKE IT
Excellent if you think the 4000 is a touch wide
Very good ergo keyboard that doesn't break your budget
Great shape and features, spotty wireless connectivity.
Great so far!
BEST KEYBOARD
Love it.
Good keyboard except for the B and N button
Poor build quality
It is terrible. Totally unreliable
This keyboard is comfortable, looks good and works beautifully as part of an ergonomic setup
Love This!
Keystrokes don't always register ? press keys and letters don't go through
I love this keyboard
STICKY KEYS
Types like a dream....
Sculpt Ergo Keyboard
It's about time...
Best keyboard yet, in a long line of Naturals from Microsoft
Great for writing with fresh batteries.
I don?t feel any discomfort in typing anymore!!
The product arrived on time and in good packaging. I was pleased with the feel of ...
First one, the keys began sticking, second one, the numpad stopped working.
I liked it so much I bought a second one
Misses keystrokes and no I/O switch.
Space bar dead after 2 months
I LOVE THIS KEYBOARD!!
Excellent Feel and Quality
Almost perfect
The best affordable ergonomic  keyboard.
Love this keyboard
Great ergonomic keyboard, just a few minor complaints
Love this keyboard
Smart purchase!
Heavy, high quality unit
Almost perfect for those who need an ergonomic keyboard, but runaway battery use and flimsy keys keep me from recommending it
Favorite keyboard ever
So comfortable!!
I love the overall design and the detached keypad
Touch Typist Beware!
Occasionally has spotty communication with my computer which is annoying sometimes with passwords (it will skip letters now and
Love this keyboard
Don't lose the tiny dongle!!
An honest review of a keyboard
Relieved forearm fatigue and tension
Good ergonomic keyboard
Good Product - Can't get used to the key configuration
And affordable all-purpose natural keyboard / number pad
Taking time to get used to
Best wireless ergonomic keyboard in the market!
It's better than the first ergonomic keyboard I had from Microsoft ...
Not Worth Buying Unless You Thrive on Frustration
Awesome
I also liked having the keypad separate so I can move it ...
This keyboard sucks, stinks and I would rather have the Christmas Grinch rather than this keyboard.
My favorite keyboard
once you get comfortable using this keyboard
This is an incredibly comfortable keyboard. The riser it comes with is the ...
This keyboard is very comfortable to use - it's ergonomic
Basic ergo features are fine, but key sizes and placements are awkward.
... the keyboard for a few months now and I love it. It was a little difficult getting used ...
Great!...for a month or two
Awesome
Great keyboard for those who like ergonomic
The best ergo keyboard out there.
After ordering 3 a while ago, the 4th finally got it right
Nice, takes time to get used to
Winner by default
Best keyboard ever!
Our Employees love the ergonomics of it
Have gone through three of these keyboards. They're good, but have caveats.
It's perfect. So many keyboards come with the number pad
Best Keyboard I've ever had
Great More Ergonomic Alternative to Apple Keyboards
Comfortable ergonomic keyboard worth the money
good so far
Big lag time between keyboard and onscreen text. Skips characters if you type fast
This keyboard is WONDERFUL!! I have been a medical transcriptionist for ...
Best keyboard Microsoft has made to date.
I've been waiting for the perfect ergonomic keyboard
One happy employee...
One Size...Fits Most
For medium/big hands
Good for big hands, but no caps indicator
Absolutely love it
non-standard layout on right
Good, ergonomic keyboard
Highly recommend.
Finally MS has a good touch type ergonomic keyboard again
One of the greatest products from Microsoft
Great Keyboard
Finally got it right.
Great Keyboard!
trash
The first one I had was decent except for a ...
The keyboard is very ergonomic and comfortable. It's similar to the other Microsoft Natural series ...
Fantastic!
Not so good. Drops keystrokes!
Misses keystrokes
I love this keyboard
but it force me to break some bad typing habits
Your wrists will thank you
Rightspace barandletter K are intermittent..
This is a really great product for anyone trying out the ergonomic feel
just what I expected
Go for it!
My wife says It's a Great Keyboard.  I'll ordering another.
this is also a great keyboard. The windows key is automatically recognized as ...
The best 'normal' ergonomic keyboard available
Those are not very good. After 3 weeks of usage I still don't ...
Keyboard works perfectly. Numpad, not so much.
the keyboard feels solid and looks great. Finally a little design energy that improves the ...
Great Design by MSOFT
Nice keyboard that leaves a small footprint
The keyboard is great. If something goes wrong with it
overall welcome relief for carpal tunnel issues
... work and decided to purchase another so I could enjoy the same thing at home
Nice physical structure; meh performance
Ergonomically sound.
If you like a clean and neat desk plus comfort...
Big fan of...
Love This Keyboard!!
Nice wireless ergonomic/split keyboard
Gave up on it !
Good keyboard with nice finish
This is my favorite keyboard. Light
Works well
returned it - error prone + not for touch typists
Good choice for ergonomic keyboard lovers
Very good quality - explanation however for how the spacer bar ...
I love that it's wireless
Dont buy.
Doesn't Work. Glitches out
One sweet machine
... you are not used to split keyboard you will hate this so in case you try this don't give ...
Great keyboard for home and business
It feels very comfortable to me
The separate number keypad is also great as I can switch from desk to desk and ...
Some keys stopped working after a few months
Ergonomically it works as advertised, but it's not well ...
Wasn't Right For Me
This is a fantastic keyboard. if you have ever used any of ...
Nice bluetooth set
Absolute worst keyboard I have ever used.
Amazing Key Board
I have it paired with a Logitech M570 track ball mouse and couldn't be happier.
it's easy to use
Should be a $30 keyboard
Your wrists and upper body will thank you!
Hurt my hands and wrists
Nice, although I wish the wrist pad was a ...
Excellent, it has relief some tension from my wrist ...
Great at the beginning then stops working
One year and 5 days it dies
Love it! Great design, looks and feels great.
Flaky connection
Great Keyboard
Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard
Quality build and looks amazing. The only downfall is having a detached 10 ...
Wow!
as much as I loved using it
Needs Better USB Range
The ten key is awesome also. Very quick response on light touch
Love it, but....
I love the feel of this keyboard
Fantastic!
Uncomfortable to type on with keys in odd places (not the main keys but accessory functions most normal keyboards have).
Incredibly well built and confortable!
I love the way it looks
Good Keyboard
IT IS OK BUT IT DEFINITLY HAS IT'S BUGS
Great ergo keyboard with small footprint and smooth operation - I love it!
Love!
a very nice key board
Very comfortable keyboard with questionable design choices and build quality
Exactly what I wanted
Worked great for 8 months and than the keyboard died
Just right for the classically trained typist
highly recommend
Overall Happy, but do not like the size of the F keys
Great design
Ergonomic -
I purchased this and a vertical mouse because my wrists ...
Love this keyboard but since I lost the usb I ...
awkward
Best keyboard I have had in years.
Don't buy it from CravingSavings
Compact
Ergonomics are good -- not sure how to rate ergonomics since it ...
this is the best ever. I got some problem when I work ...
Great keyboard, but wish it had backlighting
Good quality
Great product
Very comfortable but different key locations than earlier Microsoft keyboards.
Works as advertized.  Separate 10-key would be great for lefties.
Doesn't catch all of my keystrokes
I find this keyboard to be very comfortable and I like that the number pad is detached ...
So nice I bought it twice.
Great keyboard! Finally upgraded my ancient ergo keyboard for ...
Almost perfect
Super quiet replacement/upgrade from Natural Ergonomic 3000
Best ergonomic keyboard yet
Great keyboard
Shows dirt incredibly easily. Escape key feels really cheap and "clicky" like ...
I LOVE this keyboard and I HATE this keyboard.
Best ergonomically split keyboard I've used so far
Won't Last.
Best keyboard I've used in a very long time
I replaced the batteries and it works great as long as you're typing 24 hours a day
A good follow up to ms natural keyboard
***RECOMMEND***
Very comfortable.
... you that you CAPS key is on -- that's annoying. Some of the lettering has come off already ...
it is a very good keyboard while it lasts
In love!
I work as a programmer, and I often find ...
So cool!
Great keyboard with short key travels
Works great
... row of keys (above numbers) including 'escape' are just horrible. The top row keys don't click well like ...
It?s a great keyboard. I am not a huge fan of ...
Very comfortable keyboard
Good keyboard
Takes a Little Adjustment, but Then You'll Love It
The keyboard is great, except
Not worth it, try something else.
Great after break-in
Comfortable keyboard
Pretty good
If you like chiclet style keyboards, a la Apple keyboards but need ergonomic, this thing is lovely
Not sure what my WPM is, reasonably quick, ...
Needs touch pad or track ball
Really helps.
Nice looking, but fundamenttally worthless
Decent Keyboard for MSoft
Otherwise a great product.
Wireless interference
Five Stars
great ergonomic keyboard with affordable price
better not to separate the keyboard into two parts
If you like lag, and dropped keystrokes, purchase this wireless setup.
Keys "stick" sometimes without actually sticking (ie the key is ...
Three Stars
Comfortable and Works Great!
don't like the fact that the Alt key is moved over ...
Toggle Light and Magnets
I used this for 18 months and loved it. Very comfortable
Returned: Defective key and very difficult to adjust to large gap
Good value on ergonomic keyboard.
Four Stars
Great looking keyboard, highly ergonomic, comfortable and worth the purchase! Some flaws.
Buggy trash
Very good, but right-side Windows key lacking.
Excellent keyboard but no setup instructions
Your wrists will thank you.
This is a great keyboard. Very small and compact
Love the keyboard
Design is cool
I like it a lot
Takes some getting used to; but awesome once you do.
Almost a great product, but it is buggy with OSX
Worth the Investment.  Instant Pain Relief!
Solid Keyboard and detached keypad.
I love that this keyboard still has the split but not ...
Keyboard
Has become my favorite after many other tries.
I LOVE this one
Space bar wasn't consistent
Dud
Split and separate
Beautiful keyboard with great ergonomics
Numeric Keypad does not work
PERFECT KEYBOARD FOR THOSE WITH REPETITIVE STRESS WRIST INJURIES
Fantastic wireless keyboard
Best in the ergonomic keyboards
Good stuff!
Solid ergonomic keyboard
feels good on my wrists
in the trash... lost dongle... unbelievable (otherwise great!)
... now as a network engineer and this is the best keyboard I've ever used
Great product
Great Ergo keyboard for less than $100
Worth the pricetag and more. Very comfortable
i don?t like that the number keys are alone
After a month or so of using it, I ...
Check Specs First
Number keypad disappointing
Two Stars
Does not work well
Stopped working after 2 months.
Great Keyboard
Fantastic build quality
What a piece of junk
squeaky space bar
i love that it does help my typing
Wasn't for me.
Relief from my CT
Perfect Keyboard
I loved this keyboard
an off switch would be good, so that it doesn't drain the battery if ...
I have been buying Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for years. ...
This is a wonderful keyboard. I love the way it is contoured
battery hungry
I love this even more and WAY cheaper
Great keyboard and stand.
Keys already sticking!!!
This was hard for me to like at first
I had never used an ergonomic keyboard and I don't ...
Excellent keyboard. I love that the number pad is ...
Feels great, very comfortable on the hands
really easy to clean also
Great ergo keyboard
Awesome except the wrist rest material
Using it with a macbook, -2 stars for having ...
great touch
Great for the Office
Great ergonomics.  Light touch.
Love the keyboard but delayed response when typing is driving me crazy
Awkward and bulky keyboard
Great for Long Hours
no more pain
Love it, really good typing experience.
sleek design cannot compensate for poor quality and horrible ergonomics
Very comfortable and so far completely reliable
Great form factor but faulty execution
Not worth the money
Great keyboard!
Four Stars
Works great, until it does't...
Problems using with USB hub.
Pretty good for the price
Five Stars
Good purchase
Defective and No Recourse
Daily use, bought 2
Keyboard moves when you type. If you are an ...
so much better than a regular flat keyboard
I love this keyboard
Should receive a design award but not practical for special key users.
Finally, a real ergonomic split-keyboard wireless replacement for my ageing Microsoft Natural keyboard
My new favorite keyboard!
If you like the large, MS ergonomic keyboard, you will like this.
Most comfortable windows keyboard.
The keyboard is fantastic. No clicking noise when you type
Such a comfortable keyboard and light touch is all that is needed ...
Love the keyboard, BUT
Excellent ergonomic keyboard
Love the keyboard / hate that the keypad sucks
Concerned with the durability of chiclet keys...
I love this keyboard
Fantastic keyboard if you never, ever lose the wireless adapter...
Great for some, but not for everyone
Love this keyboard
Comfortable, and FINALLY a keyboard that doesn't feel awkward when using a mouse
Love this new keyboard
Very Good Product
Best Ergo Keyboard
My favorite keyboard, I have been using for about 6 ...
Easily the best keyboard
Love this keyboard
Good ergo keyboard
Five Stars
Good keyboard except for the numberpad
Solidly built, attractive, KM combo
I Love it!
This is an absolutely great product, especially if you have carpel tunnel like myself.
Other than that it is very comfortable keyboard.
Excellent ergo keyboard.
Sticky keys
Great for ergo and modern keys
A very satisfying keyboard with a polished design.
The Wireless Multimedia Natural Desktop was better!
OK, but the Kinesis Freestyle is better
Great keyboard, nothing much to say here
Overall a very good keyboard
Solid keyboard
Best design ever
I love it!
Nice keyboard.
Could be much better!
Four Stars
Try it, you'll like it!
a real disappointment
The best Keybord ever
Great product
Great product, worth the money
Keys stop pushing after 5 months.
Love This Keyboard!
Love It! Works great and is a better fit ...
Lower profile, love it
I was starting to develop some pretty bothersome pain in my wrists after starting my desk ...
Great design except detached number pad
Good key board.
Best Keyboard ever
YES!!!
Key travel disappoints
Good ergonomics, USB dongle big flaw
Love this keyboard
Great value for money!
Five Stars
Quite simply the best keyboard I've ever used
Beyond Awesome!
So good he bought it again
Four Stars
Two piece design works great for us!
Almost the best keyboard ever.
Great....
Husband loves this thing. Probably more than me. ...
Angle is good. detached keypad can be troublesome because it can't ...
One of the best keyboards on the market!
Awesome keyboard. Just wish it could connect via bluetooth ...
Great form factor
Would have been a great product if only they'd go with standard keyboard layout
It's ok.. Probably should have gone with the freestyle2
Iffy, since one out of the two eats batteries like candy
Why didn't I get this sooner?
Excellent ergonomics
I personally think this is the best keyboard to use
Now I LOVE it. My wrists don't hurt as much and ...
Two Stars
I have rechargeables and they last maybe two days at best. I tried 2 new duracells and those lasted ...
Good, if it didn't die so quickly
The keyboard works great. I like how easy it is to press ...
Four Stars
I really like the keyboard
Best ergo keyboard I have ever used.
Game changer.
Love this keyboard - the keys are very smooth and ...
He feels much better with this keyboard
This is the worst keyboard ever
Five Stars
Good product
Five Stars
Most comfortable keyboard I've ever used
excellent
2nd one!!
Does not work quite well on the latest mac. ...
Must Buy if your wrists hurt.
but the padded palm rest and option to raise the front make it superior. I'm using this with an MacBook Pro
very comfortable
the ten key being off to the side is annoying, the enter key placement and size sucks other ...
Great Keyboard but Padding Gets Dirty Soon
I like everything about this
Solid C
I'm three weeks in and not convinced I like it. Quality is A+
In Love
I love this keyboard
Great upgrade to a good product
the ergonomic design helps me type for so long and the keys have a soft sound and don't require a heavy press which is good for
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
One Star
If you use VI you will use ESC a lot and it's really annoying. The quality is also pretty bad
Comfortable!!! Needs back lighting.
Sculpt Ergonomic Desktop
Only thouse with strong thumbs and past ergonomic keyboards should apply
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
A SUPER USB link-up forget the BlueTooth hooks up stay with ...
Only good for a month.
Totally, 100% Worth it
Five Stars
Best ergo keyboard to date
Good keyboard - But watch your 6
Keyboard is comfortable and easy to use
Finally a really good wireless ergonomic keyboard
works great!
Key functionality failing
Great keyboard! love it!
Poor quality over time.
I love it, but it is a fixed position
Good keyboard
Garbage. If you desperately need an ergonomic keyboard get the Microsoft Natural 4000 instead. It's less than half the cost.
I really like the keyboard
Good... could be more competitively priced
Great keyboard with soft keys
This is a great keyboard. very flexible
Perfect addition to my office
Super comfy to type on
ergo perfect.
Love it.
argonomic keyboard
Will attempt to get a replacement as I had the earlier model with a bigger USB connector that lasted for a couple of years with
Good ergonomics but great for tight places
Works great 85% of the time with serious
Love the separate numeric keypad!
Good but overpriced.
Really like the inverted slant downwards as that is the normal ...
Works great. The transmitter dongle is compact (unlike the combo ...
Great travel and lap keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is a wonderful Keyboard. I am really enjoying it
Worth the price
would recommend.
Five Stars
My second purchase (separately keyboard and mouse this time)
Nice and compact
Amazing!
Works as intended -- no more wrist pain.
Goes Through a LOT of Batteries.
Big step down from the Ergonomic 4000
Helps you sit correctly
Great keyboard! Best part is that I can take ...
Good keyboard (function keys not so much)
very nice
Has a good look and finish
Bad Connection
Not New Item
Best keyboard I have owned.
One of the best keyboards available
buy batteries at Costco
Works just great
The best ergonomic keyboard that just works
Really nice
the wrist feels so much more comfortable. I highly recommend this
The best keyboard I ever had and got rid of the ...
No problems
Awesome Buy!
Defective Model
Five Stars
Why they don't have a version that doesn't need a ...
Unreliable. Numpad is now completely dead after a year of frustrating intermittent issues.
Five Stars
Cool keyboard, but it has bit the dust after ...
Space bar does not work
Great Service
Four Stars
The best keyboard I've used so far
very comfortable
Best keyboard so far.
Five Stars
Worthless!
Five Stars
Underwhelming
Great product
but I like the feeling overall
Highly recommended.
works great
Decent keyboard but some key flaws. For example (I'm ...
Comfortable for typing
nice design, quick response. love it.
Keys just die randomly
Bought this and loved it, then it stopped working right outside the ...
I just love the size and feel of this keyboard
Five Stars
Junk
great keyboard
This keyboard is very easy to get used to and very comfortable to use
Five Stars
I've been using MS Ergo keyboards since 2000 and this ...
Really bad!!
Lose the transceiver, and you have one big paperweight
Five Stars
disappointed the product or the seller
Ergonomic keyboard
I like it!
BUY IT!
I have had this keyboard for just over a year ...
Very comfortable keyboard; stylish and good feel to the key
Great on the Mac
Love this keyboard
Takes some getting used to
I like the keyboard and wished it worked as it supposed ...
Sculpt it!
and love it. Even more so
Five Stars
Doesn't work with USB Hubs on my Surface Pro 3 ...
This keyboard ended up needing to be replaced. We've ...
Five Stars
Keeps dropping connectivity
Definitely the best purchase I have made on Amazon
It works great and it helped my wrists
Helps
Love it!
great keyboard.
... a wrist pad with this keyboard because it is comfortable without it
Loved this keyboard while it was working - lightweight
I've ordered many of these and most are having trouble with them
Trash
Best keyboard ever!
Much more comfortable than a traditional keyboard
Great Keyboard
Helps me!!
Best keyboard I've owned
Pro keyboard for serious writers
Good ergonomic feel
Love it. Great feel while typing and very comfortable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommended ergonomic keyboard
Five Stars
Probably the best keyboard ever made
Got this for the executive administrative assistant
I had high hopes...but it doesn't work for me.
Great option
Best Budget Egro keyboard but stupid non removable laptop keys unless you want to break them.
Worth Every Penny
Two Stars
Broker..under a year
Three Stars
very comfortable hand fit with wrist rests
Slow
Keys get stuck, keys don't always work, the Fn toggle is frustrating.
Exactly what anyone should want from a keyboard.
Love this keyboard, but it has very annoying battery issues.
Good keyboard but the only thing that bothers me is ...
would be perfect. Great style and design and quality
Five Stars
i love this keyboard
I've been using this for 20 minutes. I admit ...
WOW IS ALL I CAN SAY!
Five Stars
Best keyboard on the market
excellent keyboard, be warned though
Verdict is still out on this one
Five Stars
Great ergonomic design
Five Stars
good feel, poor quality
Great product
Five Stars
Excellent built quality and fantastic user experience
Only con is that it cuts out if I have ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
The keyboard is good. But it stopped working within an year
Combine with Ergo Mouse?
Great for typing, but not without issues
Great product-- exactly what I needed!
My wrist appreciates it
perfect. My other wave keyboard had the number pad ...
A even better ergonomic keyboard compared to the last generation
One Star
My favorite keyboard so far
Five Stars
I know I should have read the fine print but I was under the impression that I ...
Five Stars
Awesome ergo keyboard
Five Stars
the downward slant is great!
Five Stars
Fantastic ergonomic keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
meh
The Best Ergo Setup Today!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good for wrists
Comfortable keyboard.
One Star
Dropping keys
A Pricey Product
Very helpful for people having heavy usage of keyboard
but I loved it so much that I bought a second one ...
Great keyboard.
Buy this keyboard.
Love this keyboard
Without a doubt the greatest thing Microsoft has ever made
Five Stars
Five Stars
I highly recommend this one
Wonderful keyboard at a wonderful price!
Four Stars
Great product
Light, balanced, durable.
Five Stars
I like this alot, great keyboard
But FANTASTIC for everyday use (office work
Two Stars
I love this
key failure
Great keyboard!
Awesome
Great keyboard if you don't need all the letters
This is very helpful for my RSI (Repetitive stress injury) ...
Five Stars
Good, but takes some getting used to.
but I like the fit and feel of this keyboard
Five Stars
eased my wrist pain
Saved my wrists
Keys stick
First rate transaction.
Excelente for typing
Nice keyboard but it died 1
So needed
Four Stars
Five Stars
keys like a laptop
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really comfortable to use
Didn't think I was going to like the chicklet style keys because I type hard but ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
LOVE IT!
Easy typing
Exceeded expectations
One Star
Four Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Great fit and design
Five Stars
Very Nice Keyboard
Five Stars
Great idea, just isn't working...and bad service to boot!
Not worth the money
The best
I LOVE this keyboard
He likes it.
Five Stars
Not MAC compatible - don't even try
Five Stars
Five Stars
But keyboards themselves are perfect.
Great keyboard and packaging
Five Stars
Down key hardly works. Quality control seems low for ...
Perfect
One Star
Useless piece of crud
Five Stars
Love this keyboard, came cracked.
Undependable
I am happy with the ones that didn't have this issue
Five Stars
I love this keyboard
Love keyboard feel, but keys keep breaking
Great.
OK
Buy It!
Great keyboard. I've had it for a few days ...
Four Stars
Best wireless keyboard I've ever owned.
Fast relief for CTS
10 key pad stopped working 32 days after initial use.
Five Stars
On month number 4. Had to return the first ...
Hands down the best keyboard ever!
keys don't work
Comfortable and lightweight
Excellent I recommend it
Five Stars
I was surprised at how functional this is, I ...
not a great keyboard. At least 2 of the keys don't ...
Five Stars
Great buy.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great keyboard
Would be a five with better key feel
Danger Will Robinson
Great for 6 months
Five Stars
Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard
Great while it lasts
save your wrists!
Great design
My first ergonomic keyboard
Five Stars
So comfortable
easy to use keyboard
Five Stars
Unlike Comcast dismal services, this is a great product!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Some keys don?t work
Would very much recommend. My only minor gripe is the ESC key ...
Five Stars
Awesome
... for work to reduce pain in my hands worked great.
Pretty big inconvenience at work
The connection is very poor. I type and it freezes too many times ...
It's comfortable but the keys stick
This is a fantastic keyboard. 4 stars because as a programmer I ...
Five Stars
It helps me remember to use good form while typing
Five Stars
... already bought one for work and home it's so good.
Good ergo setup has helped reduce wrist pain
Does not type the keys you press accurately, thus useless
Five Stars
Five Stars
best keyboard ever
Easy to adapt to.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Does wonders to wirst pain!
Five Stars
Very comfortable: ) Pain in thumbs went away
Love the feel and touch of this ergonomic keyboard
Three Stars
Comfortable!
Five Stars
Tiny tiny keys
Five Stars
Excellent product!
Stopped working
Five Stars
Overall Good
Nice keyboard
great battery life
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good keyboard
Five Stars
But great
Don't buy it
Great design, but stops working.
Awesome Ergonomics, Terrible Product
Beautiful design, fits my arms and hands just right
Four Stars
If you want an ergonomic keyboard, look no further
SO comfortable!
Five Stars
i like the sleeker look & feel but being wireless hasn't ...
Four Stars
Good keyboard
Great design
Great ergonomics
Five Stars
Works well with my macbook, but it is a ...
F5 key sticks
a good
Five Stars
Super Comfy
Five Stars
The number pad the keyboard came with bad a dead battery
Does it's job
Five Stars
... takes a little getting used to but otherwise I love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Comfy
A nice, sleek ergonomic keyboard
Three Stars
Nice form, comfortable to type on
Fantastic keyboard in every aspect i
Four Stars
it's a great product.
Great replacement for Microsoft Ergonomic Desktop
Five Stars
Very nice design
Excellent keyboard. No additional drivers required on OS X.
Little keyboard babies clitter-clattering all around me.
A great keyboard
Ergonomic Keyboard Purchase
Perfect for Wrist Issues
Great
Wish I would have gotten this earlier.
SUCKS
Five Stars
Very comfortable to type with and it fits nicely in the ...
like there is a lag and it isn't communicating properly ...
Five Stars
Great, comfortable keyboard!
Five Stars
Very good keyboard and good on the hands positioning
Love this keyboard
best keyboard I've ever used. Happily recommend to anyone.
Not customizable & broke quick.
Four Stars
One Star
AWESOME KEYBOARD!
The F6 key on the left side of the break ...
No Cable or Lights
The key press feel is wonderful and the footprint of the keyboard does not take ...
Not built to last
Five Stars
Love It!
Very comfortable
Is Truly Wireless
Vertical mouse and this eliminated my hand pain.
very comfortable to my hand
Our Church Office Administrator seems to really like it.
This is an absolutely awesome keyboard.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Takes care of business
Five Stars
Good Keyboard but wrist marks starting to appear within a month.
Must have
Best choice ever
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
... keyboard 4000 user for a long time and i like this keyboard much better than older version
It is comfortable and user friendly
One Star
Very comfortable
Awesome keyboard, love it
new batteries and it was fine but makes me not want to carry it with ...
Microssoft Wireless keyboard
Five Stars
Awsome
Highly recommend not only for those that have CT but shoulder ...
This is a great keyboard.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
... to get used to this keyboard but I absolutely love it!
once I got used it is actually a very nice keyboard.
good
Five Stars
I would have rate it a 5 star, had ...
One Star
feel is awesome. no wires either
Five Stars
Ergonomic keyboard - keys are responsive and design is comfortable
Really great and comfortable
Five Stars
Super comfortable and super
no numpad unlike picture
would be nice otherwise, it is an excellent ergonomic keyboard
Absolutely amazing. Fits great
Excellent product
Only buy if all your keyboards are the same
Five Stars
Five Stars
This keyboard is incredibly comfortable and sleek
its mobile
Five Stars
It feels ergonomic but the separate number pad means I ...
Five Stars
A problem solver
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best split keyboard ever released
I love this product
Missing an on/off switch
Five Stars
Endless frustration
Four Stars
Four Stars
THIS HAS NEVER WORKED IN SPITE OF EFFORTS BY A HALF DOZEN COMPUTER GEEKS SO DON"T BUY IT!
Super duper keyboard!
Good Ergonomic Keyboard
Five Stars
Quality control issues
Easy to use, great ergonomics.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not for mobile users.
Eats batteries
Five Stars
Four months, I give up
USB corded is better . . .
... this for my the director of PT and she like.
Finally found a replacement for my ms ergo keyboard that ...
junk
Don't work.  No help available
Not the Natrual 4000
broke after 1 year of normal use
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Wireless Ergonomic Keyboard
This is a great keyboard. I used a corded MS ergonomic one ...
No more pain and numbness.
Pretty Good.
Pretty great ergo orientation
Two Stars
Not as good as the MS Natural Ergonomic 4000
2 Defective Units
Thumbs down
Four Stars
One Star
DO NOT BUY - DON'T USE THIS VENDOR!!!
Three Stars
Looks very cool on my desk
Four Stars
Five Stars
Instead of receiving a wireless keyboard we received a usb keyboard that looks nothing like i placed an order
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awesome!!!
angle on ten key is a problem
Looks starfish, but that's about it
Four Stars
Keep looking...
Five Stars
I want to like this
Wrists feel better!
UNRELIABE
Perfect--works with Macbook
Received wrong item TWICE
Good, but not durable.
Keys start sticking after only a few months.
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
OLD Batteries no Quality oversight
Three Stars
all keys produce numbers and the arrow keys or the DEL key are useless. Microsoft builds the WORST products that are inevitably
I felt like I'd have to learn to type all over again ...
Great for carpal tunnel sufferers
Four Stars
The ergonomics of this make it my favorite keyboard ever
Excellent keyboard marred by two really bad decisions
MS is garbage
WARNING! TRANSMITTER CANNOT BE REPLACED! WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER BROKEN TRANSMITTER.
Great keyboard slightly flawed by suede-like palm rest
I love this keyboard, except when it glitches.
Repaired after keyboard failure
and liked microsoft's older ms4000 model
Characters Rub Off Keys Easily
Sometimes the "r" just gets dropped after I type "e" which is even moe annoying (see, the r wasn't included when I wrote ...
Ergonomic heaven for my Mac
Typical Microsoft
I've been using this at work for over a year and I'm here to tell you that it's one of the best keyboards that I've ever used
an upgrade from the 4000
Fantastic keyboard and mouse
Tragically flawed
This is the perfect keyboard for my office environment
Good ergonomics
If it was wired, I'd give it 5 stars, but the wireless starts to error out after just a couple months of use.
Glitchy as hell
Bummer!
Great Feel, Horrible longevity.
Quiet & Efficient Keyboard
Finally! A true successor to the ORIGINAL MS Natural Keyboard
All plusses no minuses
If you travel with your laptop, your dongle will break unless you somehow remember to remove it before you leave the house
Solid ergonomic keyboard for dealing with carpal tunnel
Great keyboard but needs some minor changes or product iterations
Some big flaws, but the pros outweigh them so far
I want to love it, the design is great, but the quality appears to be severely lacking.
Feels great, i actually really like the wrist rest that ...
Wonderful, until it starts malfunctioning
I'm a software engineer who's been using this keyboard for ...
Keyboard is good, Number pad is a headache
I have a bit of a love hate relationship with this keyboard
Comfortable keyboard, but useless wireless range (when using Bluetooth)
A few shortcomings but still recommended
it's been the best. Mapping the keys to the Mac layout was ...
Feels great, but increasingly unusable as it skips letters randomly
What I liked: - Wireless freedom - Key action was responsive ...
Worst customer support ever!
Lasted a Year
A very nice keyboard with a unique design
I'm not a microsoft fan. But this thing, is PERFECT
Disaster.
Easily the best ergonomic keyboard
Don't recommend it for programmers. Hard to type!
Not an upgrade from the 7000 natural....  Very disappoiting
Good product with an exception...
Highly Recommended!! Love it!
Low-travel keys make it extra comfortable.
Sculpt Keyboard is great, not perfect though
Drops key inputs
If Apple made an Erognomic keyboard, this would be on the short list of rejected prototypes
Beautiful design. If only it Functioned.
Not for Programmers / Software Developers
Wireless keyboard connectivity is a beating.
Short Range Wireless. Stopped working after 1.5 years
keys started failing
Ergonomic but inefficient. DOESN'T WORK WITH WINDOWS 10!
Great but there are rooms for improvement
Like the keyboard design but Really FUNNY stuff going on with the electronics and typing functions.
used for about 6 months but going back to a wired regular keyboard
Great keyboard. Tenting angle is about 10 degrees
This has nice modern-feeling keys
Saved my arm and no more horses in my cubicle.
This is probably the best keyboard and mouse on the market
Great keyboard you have to buy over and over again (read: not built to last)
GREAT KEYBOARD.......HORRIBLE NUMBER PAD!
Nice keyboard / Hard learning curve for new users
Decent ergonomic keyboard but ffs .. the wireless connectivity is woeful
Great Keyboard
I really wanted to like this
Almost great, very comfortable, but keypad battery died < 3 mo + wrist rest showing wear
Great except for the function keys wear out quickly if you use them lots.
Great ergonomic keyboard
May not work for small hands
Save your money...
Once the keyboard uncouples with usb dongle you have to ...
Good Form, Imperfect Tech
Good price and not much else.
Perfect ergonomic keyboard... but eats keystrokes
2nd time purchase
Love this keyboard, but...
Great Device from Microsoft !
This is an awesome looking keyboard
Attractive but not the best key layout
Love this keyboard
Glad I cut the cord
Watch for Stuck keys
Pointless
Good keyboard
The side number pad is almost useless - it's never where you want it if you're ...
99% there
Almost, but not quite
Comfortable keyboard!
Quality Control Issues
Good for typing, not for programming
USB DONGLE is too flimsy, fragile, breaks easily
Good value ergonomic keyboard
Great concept and quality but for small hands and typing only
Seems like a nice design, but they quit before they were done.
Handle the USB dongle with care
Great successor to my old Microsoft Natural
Bad ESC key hurts Vim usage
Why did I wait so long to buy one of these?
Disconnects multiple times a day
Very good keyboard!
Excellent feel. Comfortable to type on for long stretches ...
The keys are fine and the mouse is fine but I will be ...
Shift key need to be firmly pressed for capitalization
Absolutely hate this thing! AMENDED REVIEW
Very nice keyboard and I?ve tried many.
don't ever lose the wireless receiver!
This keyboard is boarding on useless. Its so non-responsive that I feel like I'm ...
It was great, when it worked.
EATS BATTERIES ALIVE!
Great setup for those who do extensive work typing and mousing.
Not for people with hand injuries, Keys are very unresponsive!
Mouse stopped working so I had to return directly to ...
"Delete" Key Sticks - Can wipe out pages of your work
It's a perfect set. Nothing can help you if any piece of the set breaks.
Terrible support from Manufacturer
The best ergonomic keyboard I have ever used.
UPDATE -- don't buy
THERE IS BIG PROBLEM WHILE TYPING FAST
Failed after 8 mos (two of them)
Really good keyboard, with one small problem
USB Transceiver Cannot Be Replaced or Manually Paired
This keyborad works ok. However, the covering on ...
Comfort is great and battery lasts for months if not a year
keyboard
What I expected
Upgraded form the older Sculpt Ergonomic
Amazing keyboard but one critical flaw
Worth it.
It is a piece of crap
WONDERFUL!
This worked great for about 6 months
I dont like the fact it has no legs
Receiver is the main issue
Lacks durability, great comfort though
Would love to have backlit keys
toooooo small
keys stop working after two months.
Needs revised.
Ergonomic and comfortable - Great for those with carpal tunnel.
I use this keyboard for gaming, and it has ...
Almost perfect but...
Makes this keyboard useless, as I can't type a password with capital ...
I was very happy with it
DO NOT BUY!!!
Great keyboard for those with wrist issues.
Beauty and Best
Super comfortable and very easy
Love this keyboard
Best!
a+w+4 combination doesn't work
The worst keyboard of my life.
Mild annoyances then broken key
Really liking this keyboard.
Five Stars
Comfortable and solid
Two Stars
Microsoft Sculpt Keyboard
Backspace so far does not work, ow alright
Disappointed.
Five Stars
I love this product
Wow !!
Great product
An elegant modern implementation of the classic natural keyboard shape ...
Keyboard NOT for fast typing
I bought this keyboard and had to turn it back ...
very modern design but lack of support at the wrists
Beautiful. Comfortable. Durable. No problems.
excellent little keyboard, feels really comfy and breaking the keypad off was a great idea.
DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD
great keyboard, be sure you are okay with the Function keys.
Great ergo dynamics
fourstars for innovation
Great size and feel
Lose the USB receiver - GAME OVER
tab key is STUCK!
Good Product
Beautiful
Avoid at all costs
Five Stars
Five Stars
No skip track key!
Microsoft is clearly a bunch of haters
Adapting to this keyboard was effortless!
and the best I can say is it's "ok"
Outstanding Ergonomic keyboard
Great for all-day typists!
Big comfort improvement over typical flat keyboards
Excellent ergonomic choice.
because it's the 2nd one
Good Keyboard.
Nice but.....
decent keyboard, a little small
Probably the best one I have used thus far
... professional use can carry darling shape cool-tastic strong magnets suck the pieces together so cool for packing/setup i goodwill?d ...
Great for long typing sessions
Previous MS Natural User - Converted!!
my favorite keyboard to make my Macbook ergonomic.  Just lay on top and below the mouse pad and it works great
but it's very solid and easy to use
Good ergo keyboard.
?
Everything as expected, batteries last a long time
Quick and Easy Review!
Five Stars
Five Stars
... of MS Ergonomic keyboard and this one is their best yet.
Five Stars
Five Stars
It?s easy to navigate with
Just as expected--quality.
Great - And QUIET - Keyboard
USB toggle issues
Best Keyboard I Have Found... Until It Fails!
Great separate keypad feature
Come on Microsoft!
Does not work with macOS
Too weird
Love I could order without their mouse combo.
and I am quite happy with the product purchase
Two things to know AFTER you buy, and you should buy -... BUT ...UPDATED - Twice
Wireless Extender Is Missing in Action
Let's All Have Solar Products!!!
Nice feel. Works right out of the box. no caps lock indicator light. puzzling icons. Only worked great for 2.5 months
Worked until it didn't, and submitting a claim has been a nightmare
The k750.  The single greatest keyboard ever made.
Didn't work for me...
Caution if you are using OS X Sierra
Works Great!
This is an excellent keyboard- provided you don't normally keep your keyboard tucked ...
Worthless
Connection is quirky
Don't buy the Mac version. Software no longer supported.
First One Didn?t Last
A MUST HAVE FOR EVERY OFFICE. Slim, never needs batteries,charges every day by overhead lights, integrated number keyboard
Not syncing with Mac - letter and symbols mistyping
Severe lag between hitting keys and characters appearing on screen
Worth the hassle
Disconnects frequently, otherwise solid keyboard
DEMOTED FROM "Two quibbles away from 5 stars"
Trouble free, hassle free (unless you spill your drink all over it)
Great Mac "clamshell mode" Keyboard
The best keyboard I've ever had !
Why ONE star if I love this keyboard?
Best keyboard for my Mac.
No Caps Lock Notification - Num Lock not Labeled
Useless - constantly losing connection.
It's perfect after a couple days sitting by a window.
Inferior Product
iMac. Fails to connect with the Logitech Software
Almost perfect
Really needs a caps lock indicator
Important info about Logitech Solar keyboard from this vendor
Loving not having to change batteries every month
solar power fail
radio interference update
I returned it
Four Years Later
Major flaws prevent a high rating
Does the job - but with some drawbacks
This is a deeply flawed product. Buy something else.
Best Non-Apple Solution for any Apple Device!
Keyboard works well but letters are wearing out at 1+ years
Best accessory of all time for my Macs
Keep in mind
Nice Keyboard After All...
Where's logitech's competitor?  I'll be looking elsewhere
Difficulting getting it to connect and keep a charge.
A very good / stylish / and solar keyboard!
Nice Apple Keyboard Replacement
Stopped working properly after 2 months.
Great when it works. Depends on what USB ports you have access to. Meh.
First one great, second one junk, third one even worse.
Good keyboard but letters are wearing off after several weeks of use.
Terrible quality and short product lifespan.
Excellent Except for the "N" Key
Really disappointed. Replacement is not working well either.
Was a GREAT keyboard!
Beyond terrible tech support site -- nothing but runaround
Huge lag makes typing a chore
Got a bonus!
The Worst Keyboard!!!
Works good at first, but after a year, not so much
I seldom write reviews but I was so disappointed in this keyboard that I just need to warn ...
Decent alternative to OEM
Not the mac keyboard
quirky and slow. in my experience unusable
Well Designed Wireless Mac Keyboard and Highly Recommended!
A solid work keyboard
Short lifespan keyboard
Finally a quiet keyboard!
PROS: No batteries, Great Typing Experience, Logitech Sticks by their Warranty
I like the keyboard and its touch
Almost perfect if it didn't require the Unifying receiver
Very Disappointed
Should have gotten this long ago!
but I love it! I didn't fully realize how awesome a ...
This keyboarded WILL NOT WAKE UP!! I"VE SAT ...
The keyboard itself is very smooth and the keys feel good to the touch
Keys stick making it unusable
I NEEDED THIS ALL ALONG
A thing of beauty
Excellent Alternative to Apple Keyboard (with full numeric keypad!)
Not great, will be looking for a replacement.
Ok
Do Not Buy:  Highly over-rated, and not ready for prime time:  Warranty Sucks, too.
Beautifully Designed, but Unreliable
Logitech has made a great first impression on me! Hope it lasts
QC is minimal
Good idea, poor execution
Excellent keyboard but wireless receiver seems to need a USB2 connection to work well.
I used to love it, but it has become dated
Does not last.  You will want your money back.
Nice keyboard to match Mac aesthetics
Really beautiful keyboard but the Synergy connector requires an adaptor for ...
No More Batteries!!!!
Would have been awesome had there not been a HUGE air pocket or liquid under the solar panel area.
Two defective shipments in the row!
can't tell caps lock status on mac. and the keyboard is only adequate otherwise.
Love this keyboard!
I'm really happy with this one so far
Two defective products back to back--Do not order
3rd replacement keyboard failing - giving up on this product
The Best Mac Keyboard Ever - No Really
Great keyboard, when it works.
Unresponsive/Laggy at times.  Poor build quality.
Does a Yeoman's Job
Happy Days are here again.  I can type.
It's great...until it DIES. Then--good luck getting them to honor the warranty!
Excellent Concept and Design
Decent value at a decent price
Better than an Apple keyboard!
Works with Mac Mini Late 2012
Better than Apple's Standard Keyboard
Very good replacement for Apple keyboard, can work on PC too
The PERFECT keyboard!
I had a bubble, but my replacement was perfect!
I hate this keyboard
Solar Sucks!
Buggy and overall disapointing
Best one I've found.
Dead and yellowing keys
Great feeling, fast synching keyboard with 10-key
... keyboard since 2013 and for the most part I like it, I like the fact that it's solar ...
Disappointed
SO much better than the Apple product!
1 Year In: Key Problems
No "caps lock" light
A week ago I would have given this keyboard five ...
Short life
The worst keyboard I ever had
Good keyboard, very different feel from standard Apple keyboard.
It does work pretty well, and it is nice not to have ...
4 year update
Look Ma, No Batteries!
I bought this keyboard hoping to reduce clutter and unsightly ...
Defective? Just weird? What am I doing wrong?
Broken only after a few months
Solid performance and value (and a fix for the missing Cap Lock indicator)
Very happy with this keyboard!
I love this Mac Solar Keyboard
4- looks nice with the mac grey/white set up
Dead after two days and a useless warranty to back it up.
Nice Keyboard
Disappointing after Apple keyboard.
Great, but definitely not "silent"
liquid resistant too?
Four stars (but read the update!)
Mac users beware!
I really like the idea of a solar powered keyboard and it ...
AWESOME
Keys lag!!!  Solar batteries easily get depleted without adequate light.
Not worth your money
Easy to use and a great alternative if the Apple keyboards aren't just right for you.
The last keyboard you may ever buy
Works great, good price
Save your money and avoid.
Great Logitech keyboard for Mac
Would Absolutely Recommend
Works for about 2 years and then...
Overall great but could definitely be better
Works Great with Older Model Macs
It's just okay, just don't overpay.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - IT DOES NOT WORK WITH macOS SIERRA
Works for now, but clearly a used product, so buyer beware
2nd Keyboard in 2 years
Awesome BUT!
Great keyboard; I use this rather than my apple wire version
One of the best wireless keyboard.
Loses connection after a few minutes of inactivity.
Great Keyboard with Seemingly Infinite Battery Life
Does not work well with MacBooks
An excellent solar keyboard
Good looking, all the Apple keys are included
Function keys does not work as intended
Good Keyboard/Sticker on ML2032 battery may have led to its malfunction.
Excellent replacement for the Apple keyboard
Good Keyboard.
Works fine. I bought it for my wife who just ...
Lots of pros, only a couple of minor cons.
So far, so good.
Great keyboard for Macs. Essential for those who use a numpad and want a wireless solution.
S key died after a few months of use
Defective.
Dangle that takes up USB port is a pain, no back light for evening work. Functions well with MacBook
I'm typing on it ...right now!
Love that this keyboard is solar and will NEVER need batteries!!
Better than Apple's...while it works
Great Buy- Better Quality than Options Offered in Apple Store
Logitech Wireless solar keyboard - Love this keyboard!
This is a great keyboard!
I Don't Recommend
I've found Logitech products to be very good over all but not this one
I Love this Keyboard!
No batteries, no hassles - brilliant! LOVE having the page up/down & numeric keypad back.
Windows 8.1 - Functions Normally
Another Great Product by Logitech
Great, but...
excellent range beter than K710
Better keyplay than the Apple keyboard, but know two things when you usee it:
Great keyboard with numeric keypad
Great product
For now for Mac users...
Great Keyboard
NO CAPS LOCK KEY INDICATOR - WHAT WAS LOGITECH THINKING ?
Good, but the legs could be better
Looks good, works good, charging and battery life...eh
This Is The One
Awesome wireless keyboard
5 years and counting
Disappointing!
but the one I have is a great. I like the feel of the keys much ...
Excellent Addition to the MacBook Pro 2017
Not great, not bad
Great upgrade from Apple's small wireless keyboard
this is wonderful keyboard. I like the fact that you don't ...
Good Keyboard but short lifespan
Love this keyboard!
Feels good but doesn't function as well as expected
Wireless Batteryless Keyboard
Logitech is one of my favorite brands and therefore I bought this for my girlfriend
This Is An Awesome Product - Well Worth The Small Investment
Loved it but it lasted 5 months and warranty is only 3
Sad face even after being in direct light
Please keep this in mind prior to ordering
Terrible Input Lag
Very nice keyboard thus far
Worked great at first
OMG This is a fantastic Mac keyboard
Logitech has always been one my most preferred Brands, but.....
Perfect wireless keyboard for a Macbook Pro
Can not charge with cable.  Lags to macbook pro.
It's a cool idea but it's not made well...
Best keyboard for MAC computer available
My Second One!
Fantastic keyboard, great value
Really loved the keyboard and the layout and responsiveness
It feels a bit like a laptop keyboard
Bad delay, missed and incorrect characters.
Intermittent Wireless Connection/Unreliable
Great Keyboard
Possibly the perfect keyboard
never worked
UPDATE: Works great with new receiver!
must download drivers from logitech.
Good keyboard, poor packaging.
The keyboard looks good and has a good
Looks and feels right at home on my desk with my Mac Mini
New Mac Pro has no board
The Keyboard that Apple Should Have Included with New Macs
Great Keyboard, one major flaw
I think it was a returned reject
27'iMac with this keyboard
Disappointed, saddened
Elegant solution
A very good keyboard - watch out for some setup complexity.
Best of them all, what are you waiting for ... buy this one NOW!!!
Nice keyboard, but far from great. Good feel. No CAPS LOCK indicator and two other problems.
The solar charging idea is great, but
A viable replacement for a wired Apple Keyboard
This is a fantastic keyboard first off! It looks like a piece of artwork laying on my desk!
Charging Issues
I do not recommend. It's nice since it works well with my ...
Nifty
Great wireless keyboard for my MBPr
Awesome as expected
Great choice for a keyboard
Great keyboard for a Mac but it died after 1.5 years BUT you CAN replace the battery!
Efficient wireless solar keyboard that looks great!
Great Mac Keyboard
I love this keyboard
3 keyboards in 3 years - Apple Keyboard here I come!
Updated: Overall best I could find for Mac, a couple minor issues
Terrific Keyboard, Great Performance!
Great keyboard, but short lifespan.
but it didn't function like it should on my Mac
Not designed for the long haul
Awesome keyboard
A very nice keyboard with quality control issues
For a Desktop MacBook it's a No Brainer
Excellent Keyboard!
This thing is awful. Unless you are using it ...
Logitech Solar Keyboard K750 for Macintosh
Great keyboard
Needed a number pad
Improves on Apple's Little Keyboard
Just what I was looking for!
Solar Charge Does Not Hold
So far I am very happy with it.
All Mac key work great.
Charges flawlessly. Zero problems thus far. Light yet sturdy. Love it.
Great replacement for chincy iMac keyboard
Highly recommended to Macbbook users
Almost perfect...
... Apple keyboard for years and although it has an excellent feel and has all the functionality I need
Best Mac Keyboard So Far!!
Wont stay connected
Simply the best wireless keyboard I ever used
Good keyboard
Air bubbles on the solar panel
All of the reviews are spot on.  This thing is PERFECT
It's great!!
Good keyboard, but it?s unfortunately completely useless (for me)
Superb Device - they should all work like this!
Does not work well with adapter plugged into USB-C dock
Nice keyboard with one fatal flaw.
Two failed keyboards cost me $ and weeks of time.
Great alternative to the official apple keyboard.
BUY IT IF YOU NEED A NEW KEYBOARD
Powered by Light!!!
Huge upgrade to standard Apple wireless keyboard
Not impressed
Battery lasts only a few months
Update/Clarification of early post
Works great as a windows-type keyboard that works on Mac desktop PC.
Fine keyboard, if you don't need it to work all of the time.
I Love This Model So Much
Terrific... except
Died after 7 months
Very impressed so far
Great Mac Keyboard
The on/off note is especially useful, since the switch could get lost amidst all ...
Great product, but make sure to keep software updated!
I can't say enough - an excellent keyboard, wireless
It worked for a WHILE!!!
Went through 2 of these, neither held up
Best keyboard I've owned!!
If you enjoy uninterrupted typing without having to change batteries every three ...
K750 a great replacement keyboard
Very good keyboard, but not perfect
Keyboard happiness
Delivered without top legs
Solar powered charging, easy to type on and looks "made for Mac". Buy this!
Disappointed
Light up!
This keyboard has been great so far
This is one of the best keyboards I've owned for my iMac. I Love it!
Terrific replacement for standard Mac keyboard
Still Going Strong a Year Later
Great device but key instructions are not included
Have owned two of these - they're great until the battery dies
2nd one I purchased
Great keyboard
Great product, great support
This key board looks nice. But we have a major problem and is ...
Not so great luck
Great keyboard
I hate to be a nay-sayer, but...
Flimsy keyboard, not durable.
Just short of excellent
Better than expected
Great keyboard; battery fails first.
Nice keyboard instead of apple's wireless choice.
Great Keyboard
Good and bad...
A nice product with some quality issues and design/performance limitations becoming appparent after purchase
Bought 2, one working fine the other one has issues
Logitech comes through, no system slowdown troubles if installed correctly.
Simply good...
Great feel from the keys and stays charged. NO batteries to buy.
Great keyboard when it works
APPLE USERS DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
Bad Packaging or Defective? I don?t know, but does it matter?
Works As Advertised but cheap materials
Works well when arguing with people on the internet who are Hitler.
Good Keyboard, works flawlessly
The Only Mac Option
Runs on one 12" lamp in a room with every other light source turned off...and thats right out of the box. Great product!
I like the idea...but the quality needs to be improved.
Not impressed and I definitely do not recommend. The keyboard worked fine for one day and ...
Very nice but....
Just Okay
This is a great keyboard!
Thought this was the answer to my dislike of Apple not selling a keyboard with a number ...
Lag and charging issues forcing me to buy a different keyboard
Decent keyboard, battery went bad, but Logitech replaced it
A great Keyboard
Believe the reviews...move on
Can I give this 10 stars?
Works Great ? No wires and no batteries to mess with
Just what I've been looking for
Works great, and I like the feel
Work great in well-lighted room but sucks in a room that is not as well-lighted!
This is the most awesome keyboard I have ever owned
Solar Technology Challenged
So Far So Good!
The Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750 for Mac is excellent in every way
Absolutely love this product! Almost perfect!!
A mostly great keyboard!
I like it even better
Won't Charge
Lack of replacement battery obviates the benefits of solar
Usable
Random keys stopped working!
Sleek. Ergonomic. Functional
Couldn't be happier!
Just What I Was Looking For
A fantastic wireless keyboard for Mac.
Not the same as the PC version of old (from an OCD keyboard enthusiast)
5 stars if battery was actually replaceable
Intermittent connection issues
Excellent Keyboard for MBP
Another Winner from Logitech
but I really like not having to press the keys so far
Worked great, then DIDN'T ?
working well in a dim room
the keyboard (which I am using to type this) worked perfectly - it is an excellent keyboard and I would recommend it highly
Excellent For Mac Users, With One Big Caveat
Best Mac keyboard I've Ever Used
Great keyboard at a great price
Best keyboard I've owned
Love it!  Works great, excellent features and better ergonomic position than Apple keyboard
Bad keys
Perfect keyboard!
A solid keyboard
Best Keyboard I've Ever Used!!!  I Bought 3 of Them!!
Really great keyboard!
Works Well, Nice Feel to It
Much Better Than Apple's Wireless Keyboard
Does not hold a charge after 6 months
Highly recommended for laptop users!
Scratches Easily
The keyboard Apple should have given us
Insanely Great Keyboard
Awesome Keyboard RECOMMEND IT
I LOVE this keyboard
Never worked
Very good quality keyboard. BUT ....
Beats the Apple Wireless Keyboard hands down
Fast forward/rewind keys do not work in Spotify
Battery issues undermine a great keyboard
I love it, but klutzes beware...
Great while the charge lasted
Great keyboard for the Mac
Awesome wireless keyboard for Mac Mini (late 2012) and works with Logitech Wireless Mouse M325
Great Keyboard But Don't Spill on it!
The concept is great but there are massive problems inherent in its design
Doesn't work with OS 10.13.3 High Sierra
Do you hate Apple's wireless keyboard? Buy this!
I got a LEMON and no response from logitech
Stops working properly after only 2 months of use.
Buy this - don't even think twice!
Keyboard was dirty, feels like open box product.
Will not work with Mac OS Sierra
Does not hold s charge
Surprisingly Great
Wouldn't buy again
Who knows if it will work right now...
No batteries? Apple keyboard quality? Sold!
Sad that this product is a bust. :-(
Product DOA after 4 months of use
Best Keyboard Ever!
Love the keyboard but get the warranty!
but I like that I don't ever have to plug it in ...
I love it with one issue but can't take off a star.
Horrrible quality control. 1st unit and a messed up ...
Nice feel and no more battery problems
It is not truly Mac compatible. After using this ...
So far so good, but not compatible with Photoshop keyboard cover
great so far!
Works flawlessly. Average build quality. Would buy Apple keyboard for the same price.
Great Wireless keyboard, better than Apple's own
Mac Keyboard
You?ll never need any other keyboard for PC or Mac
Right idea, wrong implementation
I will never switch keyboards again. EVER.
Good, not perfect
Highly Recommend!
Love it!
Wonderful! Excellent Wireless Keyboard  - Get One!
The concept is great...BUT
For a high-speed typist, this product is surprisingly good
Great keyboard for the Mac.
The perfect keyboard?! Perhaps!!
Works great ...... when it works.
Pros Very a good looking seems well made keyboard
Continues working great after 1 year
Good feel and function, poor build quality and materials.
Failed at about 1 year.
Media keys don't work on a Mac
Dang Near A Five.
Great Keyboard with all the necessary features - and no batteries!
Needs good light, not just a little
It took a long time to find a good wireless full keyboard: Logitech made the search worth it.
No Cap Lock Light
Keys STICK
Great keyboard / no batteries required
Stopped Working
Looks like a repack
Great Keyboard!
Love it
Great Product
Great Keyboard
A reliable experience
White light and fabulous
Outstanding
Clean design and infinite battery
It works fine but..
Pleased
A great Keyboard for saving wasted battery money.
Garbage, flaky, don't buy!
Quit working in less than six months
LOVE IT
Yup Better than the Apple Keyboard
Why did I wait so long to get this?
Works great
Quality Control Issues
Almost perfect, almost ;)
A Solid Keyboard
Functions fine, needs light for CapsLock
Very nice keyboard except for caps lock key.
Great keyboard, not bluetooth.
Amazing gadget
works great, 100% compatible with mac
Great when it works...FRUSTRATING WHEN IT DOESN'T WORK
I bought this in December 2017 and it is now ...
Very handy
I have been typing since 1971 so I know a good keyboard when I see it
Really impressive.
A green replacement for the Apple wired keyboard
It died two weeks after the product support expired.....buyer beware
Way better then Apple Keyboard
Pleasantly surprised
Great keyboard for Apple Mac computers
This is the best computer keyboard I've ever used in the past four decades
Lost connection way too often
Worth the money, solar wireless is very convenient
Logitech, but Apple could have made it.
Great for Typing, Software and Connections a Headache
Happy Customer
Great keyboard for bright office space.
useful keyboard, though note that it's full size and very long!
Great keyboard for a Mac
excellent upgrade to the stock apple keyboard
2 years in, no problems
awesome
love, love
Not worth it. I?ll go back to normal USB charge keyboard.
Great keyboard for Mac
Either unresponsive or with some delay in default
What a Disappointment
Does the job as well as a wired keyboard
Great keyboard feel
Works well, no batteries, nice touch
Better than Apple's keyboard
Beats Mac keyboard hands down!!
It looks like it belongs with a Mac because the quality matches ...
Great feel on the keys
Great keyboard
While at first this was a great purchase and I loved it
Great Full-Size Wireless Keyboard (Mac Compatible)
I'm leaving you, Apple, for a much better product. Logitech just makes me feel like I'm important to them...sniff...I'm sorry...
AWESOME PRODUCT!!
The solar description given sounds great, however it needs the battery replaced by Logitech.
Exactly what I needed - and great for cats
Excellent keyboard, experience with seller not so great.
Does not support safe boot
Would buy again in a heartbeat
Really like it
4 months in, it started "stuttering" - slowing down ...
Air bubbles are a concern
Great apple keyboard replacement
I used to love this keyboard
Great Full Featured Keyboard
Not Consistent
No complaints
I do have some issues about the back button because it doesn't like going fast
Excellent Choice. Couldn't be happier
Just about the perfect keyboard
I am so glad this exists!
Loses connection, don't buy it!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
Squeaky Keys
Good wireless mac keyboard with the best price
Matches the silver Apple computers and feels almost like the Apple keyboards. But Solar!
This is bar far the best keyboard I"ve ever used
Dissapointing.
Bought for my PC - love it!
A fantastic keyboard!
Better than expected
The Best Keyboard I've Ever Used!
Nice feel, good idea
Finally a keyboard for the Mac without the wire!
Perfect Addition to a Wireless Environment
absolutely awesome
The usb unit is somewhat hidden
Great wireless keyboard, never need to worry about batteries.
Fantastic keyboard paired with shallow wristpad
Just wish it was Bluetooth...
The keys are the perfect size, nicely spread out
This keyboard is perfect. I'm using it connected to my Macbook air ...
Best keyboard I've ever used
Great keyboard, wonder about the support clips underneath
Very disappointed and want to return
Nice layout and solid tactile feel and response.
Great Mac keyboard
Buy this, love it, AAPL keyboards suck
Logitech 750 Solar - for Mac
For Mac, Use a Mac wired USB keyboard - Logitech is a step down in quality/usability.
Really nice wireless keyboard for Mac computers!
So good that I bought a second one.
Bad Battery Will Not Take Charge
Great Keyboard for Macbook
NO CAPS LIGHT
This Keyboard is Crap!!!!
Impressive Solar Power, Feel and Look
Damn good keyboard for Mac/Apple
Works Great
I love this keyboard
Great. All day use...no natural light...never runs out of power!
Stopped working after 3 1/2 months
Happy, but could be happier....
Nice but the Enter key popped out after just 3 days
Nice keyboard.
Great solar powered wireless keyboard for Mac.
Otherwise this has been a great addition to my set up
We liked them so much
Not reliable
Works very well --- AFTER RESET
Excellent product
OMG, so much better than the original mac wireless keyboard
Great keyboard, the best. Beware I got Refurbished Model
LOVE this keyboard!
Love this keyboard.
Awesome keyboard
Gorgeous, soft and sexy.
and I have been very happy with the experience
the keyboard is going to feel like a trampoline
I Think i would have liked it had it worked
Very nice keyboard
Beautiful keyboard, while it lasts
Always full power, even in a dim room.
Totally reliable!
Buy this now!!!! Seriously, don't bother reading my review, just buy it.
Absolutely Perfect
Excellent wireless keyboard
Worked great for about 5 weeks.
Great Keyboard for Apple users!
Battery does not last very long after 9 months of use
If you want to use this (white version) with a PC ...
If I needed another, I would repurchase.
Great Keyboard if you can get the Number Pad to Work!
Wonderful keyboard
Very good keyboard, but
Close, but why not bluetooth?
Quality not as good as I thought
Love
Great keyboard, but stopped charging after a year
Fine I guess
So far so good!
Best features of any keyboard made
Solar is great for this kind of device.
and I've recommended it to several friends who have purchased it
Keys quit working
Great idea, bad execution, from an even worse company
Great keyboard, however take note if you have USB 3.0 only....
Great keyboard
Apple should have done this
A Better Alternative to the Apple Bluetooth Keyboard
Very happy with it
I've been pleased for maybe 3 months of it
I love the K750 for MAC
Awesome keyboard for my MacBook Pro
Perfect keyboard with number pad
Nice, but...
Better than the Apple Keyboard
Went dead after 18 months
Perfect replacemt for iMac keyboard.
It stutters terribly when I move it 36" away from usual spot
Excellent. Love the solar
DEFECTIVE PRODUCT
Nice touch, wireless with a numpad
Excellent Full-size Keyboard with Keypad for MAC
Love it but it doesn't last
Logitech Solar Mac keyboard
I am considering replacing all of my computer lab keyboards (10 computers) with this unit.
Fantastic Mac keyboard - better than the Apple one
so much better than the apple OEM
Great Keyboard
and I love that the build and layout are custom for Mac
Got rid of bubbles!
Not Great
High quality and easy to set up.
NUMBER PAD IS NON FUNCTIONAL ON A MAC PRO
Perfect solution for our Mac Mini
Great keyboard but don't forget to download software!
Highly Recommend!!
Wireless, Responsive, Mac-Ready
Love the keyboard
bubble in solar panel
Decent, but certainly not great
Nice for my laptop at the desktop.
Best wireless windows keyboard I have EVER owned!!!
Very good keyboard
Not Built To Last
Love this Logitech solar keyboard.
stopped holding a charge after 3 months
There are three things that I don't like about this keyboard
Excellent Keyboard for Mac
Great overall keyboard
Worth the price.
Convenient
Amazing upgrade from basic keyboard
Nice product!
I really like this keyboard
but I think it would be nice to have indication lights for caps lock
A great alternative to the Apple wired keyboard if you need a number pad.
Like its operation, does not charge up properly...
Great Keyboard, Great Look, Great Feel.  Best around IMHO!
This has some bothersome flaws.
Doesn't hold charge!
Works great on MacOS X Sierra
Yay! A no battery keyboard that really performs!
Would get 5 stars if it had a Caps Lock indicator.
Absolutely the best option for Macs
works great!
Pairs easily with iMac
Like this more than the apple keyboard now.  Highly recommend.
Great keyboard
Logitech K750 for Mac has limitations
No Batteries!
GREAT but not CAPS lock indicator
Best 3rd Party Keyboard for Mac
Terrific product!  Highly Recommend This Keyboard!
Never recharge
Logitech as Usual!!!!!!!!!
Recommended
Could not get to work with High Sierra
Perfect for daily use
Set it Up and Forget About it
Better then apple keyboard
I love this keyboard
I think this product is terrific and I'd buy it again in a heartbeat
Wireless, Solar Keyboard is a Great Convenience!
great thin keyboard with good key travel.
Great keyboard, works well and looks good.
Works well / Solar is a little overrated but fun!
I love it, but I have problems with the fact ...
No batteries required
Well-designed Mac keyboard with terrific typing feel
Best Keyboard. Ever.
Love it!
Better than Apple
Loved it until the USB broke off in my computer ...
Great Keyboard
Excellent replacement for the MAC keyboard.
Love it
Replaced Bluetooth keyboard without a hitch.
Highly recommend the Mac and PC versions of this keyboard.
Apple keyboard with 9key!
Excellent product. I replaced my fancy wireless Apple Keyboard ...
Constantly disconnects
Nice keyboard for a Mac
This Solar keyboard is very comfortable to use
Awesome
big bubble on the solar panel!
I really liked this keyboard
But now it works perfect! I was upset having to replace my iMac's ...
Great keyboard with one missing feature
Fantastic
Even better than the Apple keyboard!
This keyboard is NICE! The keyboard tiles are slightly raised
Also the software is very poor. The fn-key is not working and the Logitech ...
Everything As Promised
This is a great keyboard for the Mac
Very good product...
Be leery
Great Keyboard
Great keyboard with small manufacturing defects
Nice change!
Worked 6 Months then died
Easily my favorite keyboard to date!
Cant go wrong with solar powered
Brilliant keyboard
Solar to the rescue!
It arrived quickly and workable
Best. Keyboard. Ever.
stopped working after a year
I am writing this review with this very keyboard!
... been using a K760 for a while and quite liked it, the K760 is a bluetooth keyboard and ...
Logitech needs to improve on assembling the solar panel. Get rid of moisture stains
Perfect, right out of the box
Perfect keyboard
Excellent keyboard
Go to Keyboard for laptops
Really works - and comfortable
Easy to sync with my macbook pro
Great Keyboard
Almost good but came with a few manufacturing issues
I'm really happy with the quality and the performance
Just Like a Mac Keyboard
Logitech makes a great Mac keyboard.
No more batteries
Love It & Logitech
Did not last long. Letters are wearing off after 8 months and getting stuck.
Short life!!
Greatest little keyboard I've ever had
Great keyboard.
Works great. Charges great
Still not a better option than Macs full keyboard
Good Keyboard- Bad Quality Control
Okay, but it doesn?t always pick up the keys you type
Disconnect issues
Perfect
Good response; nice design; quality Logitech item
First one arrived broken, replaced item broken within 9 months
Marvelous keyboard
This sounded too good to be true to me
I bought one from Amazon some time ago, and ...
This is better than Apple keyboards, SIX STARS
I really like the setup of the keys because I move back ...
Great Concept, Doesn't Hold Up
Best wireless keyboard ever!
Works just as well, if not better, than Mac original keyboard.
very good replacement for the genuine mac keyboard
A good buy
DEAD after 2.5 months
Can not be used with ANY dongle/adaptor
Doesn't stay synced with iMac running Mountain Lion
Awesome purchase
DOES NOT WORK WITHOUT SOME LIGHT
Product is good but Logitech customer service sucks
If it goes dead, you have to repair it ...
... a month now and have found it a very comfortable typing surface
Sucks
Excellent A+ | Great Alternative to Magic Keyboard
Best keyboard I've used, and I've used dozens of the best.
Best keyboard I've ever used. Hands down.
Superior to the mac wireless keyboard
Excellent touch, look and feel - defective 10 key upon receipt
Full Keyboard + Wireless + Solar !
It's a fine, functional keyboard
Best keyboard of its kind, among best regardless of type.
in use for 2 years still going strong
Amazing quality for the price (Sorta)
Works Great, Good Overall Size
Disappointed
It works beautifully with my macbook pro early 2011
Bad keyboard
Surpass mac product
Awesome wireless Mac keyboard with number pad!
Not all keys work
First time I ordered this I got what looked like a used one with smudges and a missing usb ...
Does not work, do not buy
Nice, but not new..
Just what I was looking for
Better than any Apple branded keyboard!
Its a good keyboard, but...
Broke after less than 6 months!
It works!  No more exchanging batteries
Love it
Great! Except......
Upgrade your iMac keyboard NOW. Its such a great product.
GOOD QUALITY, NO PROBLEMS
Great keyboard
Good wireless keyboard
I ruined my iMac keyboard, but this works flawlessly ...
This keyboard is Awesome. There a few wish list items though
worked for exactly 11 months and then stopped working. ...
Nice keyboard
Like it but be careful unpacking it
This works quite nicely. My only gripe is that there is no ...
A major disappointment
You'll LOVE this keyboard!
Died in 6 months
Wonderful keyboard!
wireless, but needs a USB port.
Works great with Mac Pro
Much Better Than The Apple Version!
Nice, attractive, slim, full sized keyboard at great price
pretty good!
Love this keyboard!
Do Not Buy
I like that it uses solar recharging
Broke after not too long
Really like this keyboard
I would purchase this keyboard again!
I love this keyboard
No cords!  Easy to set up
Logitech support was great but in the end it's the product
Great Product. Say Goodbye to Batteries!
Wireless Solar Keyboard
Great keyboard! Overall look and feel is fantastic
Great device for Macs
Love the keyboard
Once rechargeable battery dies after a year it's useless unless you order a special rechargeable lithium battery online ...
Pretty Great Keyboard
Connection is good
Works great.
No more batteries!
Good buy
Great keyboard...when's the bluetooth version coming?
avoid cat vomit and you should be very happy with this keyboard!
Does not get any better
Works great!
I love the ergonomics, but battery life sucks.
Good keyboard
The keyboard itself is great. Absolutely love it
Multiple purchases over 2 years, great product.
Great feel to it and love that I don?t have ...
Logitech scores another input-device home run
Close to perfect
Better than apple!
Excellent Buy
Works great with my new Mac mini
Amazing Keyboard
Love the keyboard
Good Logitech product
Overall solid product
Never needs batteries, always on, no bluetooth lag.
Works great on solar without cords or batteries.
Logitech does Mac right
It works pretty good but Sometimes the keyboard doesn?t map correctly
Great product!
Love this keyboard
Bought it because I had an earlier Logitech solar model for my mac and both work great.
Great Keyboard
Love this keyboard
Nice keyboard
I like this keyboard but i occasionally have issues with it ...
Doesn't last
Great keyboard
Failed after a couple of weeks
My Favorite Keyboard
Just Not For me
Overall pretty great. Removed a star because the caps lock ...
Works fine. Been using mine for about 6 m months ...
Poor wireless connection
This product would be five stars if it would work ...
Love the feel and design of this keyboard.
One minute (literally) of setup!
Even Better
Fantastic keyboard in many ways.  Love the touch.
Awesome wireless keyboard for Mac.
Great for sedentary computers - lack of Bluetooth an annoyance
Poor performance
NEVER USE BATTERIES AGAIN!
Great addition to standup desk.
Died in 18 months
Defective battery?
I really love having the "forward" delete button that Mac keyboards lack
Wow!  I love this thing.
It is very cool.
Great alternative when you are going through batteries!
Some keys don't work, caps button doesn't light up
Great keyboard very happy customer
Feels like I paid $50 to rent a wireless keyboard... LOL
Works great and the desk lamp keeps the battery charged
Great Keyboard
Excellent full-size keyboard for the Mac.
Keyboard may not work right due to interference from USB 3.0 devices
I hate to change batteries in keyboards and therefore try to ...
I really love this Keyboard!
Battery only lasted a few months and now will not recharge
Not up to Logitech standards.
Save your money
It is a good
so this is much better looking, as it doesnt look like a toy
Amazing Keyboard.
Great, full-size, comfortable solar-powered keyboard
Great up grade to my MAC.
Erratic behavior in low light environment
Loses key strokes
Nice to type on, easy to start using.
Nice item
I do like the fact I don't have to worry about my ...
Light Touch
Was great for a short while
What I really dislike is there isn't a light or any indicator that ...
Best Wireless Mac Keyboard Available
Stopped charging after 6 months
Where's This Been?
Best key feel of any keyboard I have ever tried.
Great keyboard, I will probably get another for my computer at work.
Easily add to your more ergonomic set up with a ...
If you are looking for the best MAC keyboard on the market
Just returned it today.
Overall meets my expectations, but minor gripes with function keys and lack of charge indicator
It works and it lasts
Good keyboard for the money. Works in low light.
Great product!  Keeps batteries charged even in low light.
Excellent!
Exceeded My Expectations
Nice, but needs to be near light in order ...
Works very well. I also purchased a logitech mouse ...
While initially impressed, the lifespan leaves much to be desired.
I loved this keyboard until it stopped working after about a ...
Great keyboard. It?s comfortable and a full keyboard
Wish they had one without the numeric keypad.
Seems to work fine for now
Battery is replaceable.
This is a great wireless keyboard and is a repurchase of one I ...
Worked 3 months and died
On point so far...
awesome keyboard
Best keyboard ever
Great Keyboard, Great Looks, Great Value, No Batteries
Nice Keyboard all around but key prints fade quickly.
Best wireless keyboard ever
Equal to Apple's high standards for their hardware.
Great keyboard but the touch is a bit springy and ...
Great Mac substitute
Stylish keyboard
Good looking keyboard
Very happy!
Perfect addition to new iMac
Love, love, love
I absolutely love this board it's one of the best even for ...
The Best!
Excellent keyboard; trivial setup and works great.
Stopped connecting properly after a day
MUST BUY!!!!
Sturdy, long-lasting keyboard with a number pad
So far so good, I'm hoping that there isnt many issues with ...
I just wish it had less of a mind of its own lol
Didn?t work through dongle on MacBook Pro
Great keyboard that really needs a caps lock light
Good Price & Prtoduct
Nice keyboard
ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL WIRELESS KEYBOARD REPLACEMENT FOR MORE EXPENSIVE APPLE WIRELESS KEYBOARD
It looks more beautiful in person and is the full size I assume
No brainer if you need a wireless keyboard with a dedicated number pad
The keys have a good feel and aren't too loud
expensive and cheaply made
Fantastic.
this keyboard is useless. In addition it disconnects at random on a ...
A really great keyboard.
A really good keyboard
Overall are nice keyboard
-) Works great and has all the keys for the Mac and ...
Next/Previous Button doesn't work
Absolutely love this keyboard
logitech makes the best stuff. Love (almost) all of their products (no ...
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
it is annoying.
good keyboard, but the capslock key keeps falling off!
Excellent keyboard, better than mac
Easy to type
Slick, cool, effective
Great while it lasted...
Wireless full keyboard for Mac
If only it were Bluetooth
Works and has a great feel to the keyboard
Worse than the previous Bluetooth model
Cheap feeling, not fun to type on
perfect companion for a Mac
Terrific keyboard for Mac
EXCELLENT WIRELESS KEYBOARD!
Product doesn't work
A key stopped working after a half year of use.
Great keyboard for my MacBook
Keyboard is great, no issues
Five Stars
Perfecto
Excellent product, well made
Great invention, all keyboards should be like this
Love it. After 4 years it no longer held a charge. Getting a new one.
Five Stars
Happy with it
Excellent full keyboard for big hands.
May not charge - returned
Best keyboard for the iMac
Works Great!
Fantastic keyboard - but fragile USB receiver
you don't want something that feels like it will break if you press to hard on ...
Great keyboard for the Mac
great product would definitely recommend
Solid Keyboard
I wouldnt recommend it.
Very good wireless keyboard
"solar" recharge really works with desk lamp Nice feel of the keys
Make one without the USB receiver, please
Just like Apple's keyboard, but greener and wireless!
key popped off
Better than Apple (like you'd expect)
Love it
Great keyboard
Great keyboard!
Wonderful Keyboard to replace pricy Apple counterparts :D
Great keyboard
Never worked, because it never charged.
Hooray for solar! And good by batteries..
Yep this one is good...
I like the wireless
Everything is great except caps lock indicator
Good looking trash
Best Keyboard Ever!
Awesome keyboard!!!
Designed for me personally!
GREAT keyboard
Great keyboard
issa very nice
What a difference!
Works great with Mac and PC
The keyboard doesn?t seem to charge. The keyboard itself ...
Really like my new keyboard
This Thing Is Awesome!
Great Keyboard
Happiness Is...
This keyboard worked right perfect right out of the box with my MacBook Pro
Great item.
Sleek look and quiet typing
I love thus keyboard
but works wonderfully, looks great
Never fuss with batteries again.
Great keyboard - No more batteries
Should've bought this years ago!!
Very very inconvenient!
Great keyboard. If they could make one that uses ...
The keyboard is functional as expected like full keyboard
Best white wireless full size keyboard!
stutters or no typing
Nice usable keyboard, and no battery!!!!!!
Better than iMac keyboard.
Requires Logitec Control Center to map function keys on OS X
Hands down......Best keyboard out there.
its a great product
Wow, finally  keyboard made for me.
Just what I was looking for
Love my new keyboard
Delivers as Promised
Great keys
Great style and feel but wish it was better on performance
Returning it!
Great keyboard for work and play
Stopped Working After Only One Year!
Excellent
Stays charged and ready to use with below average lighting conditions. Completely reliable.
Solar Keyboard - charge it!
Works on Mac's and PC's
Good Value Product
Nice keyboard, insufficient solar/battery.
Awesome keyboard!
Connectivity issues
Nice keyboard... but
Great upgrade from the mac keyboard
A definite buy, Awesome Keyboard
The keyboard is ok for the most part. If ...
Great Keyboard With Only A Couple of Gripes
Stopped working cant return
Sure it looks beautiful and feels great too
LOVE IT
Thanks
Won?t hold charge.
Five Stars
really comfy keyboard, my husband is jealous
Very good build, weight, feel. Solar: meh.
Great keyboard, worth the price!
Frustratingly terrible
Five Stars
Best Keyboard I Have Ever Used
Unfortunately- it did not work at all. - Possible ...
Not Too Impressed
Doesn't provide full functionality of Apple keyboards
Pretty Silver
Logitech Wireless Keyboard for Mac
Keyboard's "Caps Lock" button does not light up
I like it because it doesn't need any battery
not for dark rooms!
Nice looking Keyboard
Physically nice keyboard, unusuable due to lag issues.
By-by batteries!
This is a GREAT Mac keyboard, but it can be a little tempermental
Keyboard is nice to use
Great Keyboard! Just wish it fit in backpack better...
Love this keyboard
Awesome product!!
keyboard quit working
Great keyboard - no wires and no batteries
Sleek and Low Profile.
Good in daytime.
Very Happy
Works perfectly!
Five Stars
Having Bluetooth would have made it a 5-Star
Good keyboard - Not as well designed as Apple keyboards
It's a nice keyboard, but it was constantly losing connectivity with ...
Best keyboard I've ever used
An absolute joy to use
Great Apple Keyboard Replacement.
Great while it lasts, but solar charging stops working and you need to throw out.
Best keyboard
Have one at work and love it so I ordered this one for home
Great wireless keyboard for a Mac
good idea, bad implementation
10/10 would buy again
Great product, great seller & great deal
Glad I went for it.
works like it should
Great Product
A Great Keyboard for MAC Users!
works fine but seems cheaply constructed
Nice, works great!
Gets the job done.
Works great! Might need key mapping...
Perfect Keyboard For The Mac Mini
love it. never needs batteries
meh
Headline
Stopped charging after several months.
Disposable Keyboard
No constant swapping batteries
Needs to be close to the light source ALL THE TIME
Fantastic Keyboard
The keyboard changed my life. - I now have my friends back!
Great Mac Keyboard!
Yay Logitech- I also have their M325 mouse (for 2 years)
good value
Mixed feelings
My number 1 keyboard of choice, but...
Used and not working
Four Stars
High Quality Keyboard
Five Stars
great keyboard
These rock
Best keyboard I've ever used
... using this keyboard for about two weeks now and LOVE it. It is a full size keyboard and ...
It is easy to pair
Best keyboard
Avoid this keyboard
FOUR years later, still going strong
the solar power is a great idea but even if I put this in direct ...
I love the sleekness of it - once you get use ...
Good, but could be better.
So far so good. I like the feel of the keys and ...
Perfect.
Apple could not of done it better.
A little hard to keep charged in the Pacific Northwest
Awesome Keyboard!!!!
it's great. I've never had a problem
Five Stars
Was great for first 3 years
keyboard action is the closest thing i could find to ...
Better than I thought it could be
Five Stars
Get This Keyboard Instead of Apple-Made Keyboards
Not suitable for Mac users
Great for my Macbook air!
poexcuse
Great keyboard that never needs batteries but where the bluetooth?
Great Keyboard
Great keyboard, flimsy USB dongle
DOES NOT WORK WITH HIGH SIERRA -
Clear Button is Num Lock
Works great..
It is so good that I bought one for my other computer as ...
What it was advertised to be.
My keyboard fits in a pullout tray and when I ...
No Caps Lock Indicator
Woo-hoo!
It works great! Guess the only complaint is the material of ...
Couldn't be happier with a keyboard!
Great keyboard.
VERY happy with this keyboard
Excellent Keyboard for a Mac user.
Great Keyboard
So glad I got this.
Set up was super easy and haven't had any connection problems
Ehhh it?s ok
Key markings disappeared on one.. but not on replacement.
Great wireless keyboard - never change batteries again! :)
Wish I hadn't waited so long to get this keyboard. Works great with Mac.
I just purchased this item at the end of Dec ...
Seems to be OK Now
BEST KEYBOARD EVER!!!
Very good, comfortable keyboard.
best mac keyboard, ever
This one is just perfect. Although I have not yet learned all the ...
Great alternative to the magic keyboard
Great Solution with no Batteries!
Nice Looking - works well too
Best Mac Keyboard I've Owned
Works like a native Mac keyboard, boot options also!
superb with my MacBook
Better than Apple's original corded keyboard.
Very nice keyboard.
Five Stars
This keyboard is comfortable to use
Great substitute for the small keyboard that comes with the iMac
Won't hold a charge
Great keyboard, better than Apple's
Two Stars
clicky and solar and remote :)
this is my new favorite keyboard. I have always loved the USB apple ...
Love this product!
its great to type on but since it is charged by ...
Fast up and running!
In general I like this keyboard in terms of a sense of punching ...
One Star
All works great, no light to tell you about locked on caps
Five Stars
Five Stars
Finally a wireless full-size Mac keyboard!
As good as the Apple Keyboard
Great keyboard
You WILL have issues with the function keys
Great Apple Aluminum Extended keyboard replacement!
Basically my favorite keyboard ever
Great keyboard
so one might take time to comfortably use this keyboard after swicthing from laptop
Easy to install (because i have a Logitech wireless mouse
The keyboard worked great for about 6 months
No problems at all, Fast typing as well.
Great Device
Good feel, never runs low on power even in a dim room
Nice, but...
Good Quality
I had to replace a Mac keyboard and found this for such a great price. It was easy set up and wireless ...
I don't think they have ever made a product I hated. This continues the tradition
Excellent keyboard, well worth the money.
Great, sleek keyboard
Best keyboard for Mac
Five Stars
Okay, but needs caps lock light.
I am very please with this keyboard. It works ...
Finally a great mac keyboard with 10-key
Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750 for Mac
Five Stars
I love that it is solar
Awesome keyboard.
Great for Mac users
Save your money or take a chance
Great keyboards and connection with my Mac
Works well with my Mac Book Pro
6+ Years of Good and Bad
Perfect keyboard. Don?t forget to remove the plastic film!
Great Keyboard and Seller.
Logitech does not uphold warranty! Please beware!
I am very pleased with this keyboard
Five Stars
Worst keyboard ever used in my life
Great keyboard for iMac
excellent
I love this keyboard
Stopped working after a short time of twice a week use.
Doesn't work with OWC Thunderbolt dock
I love the feel of them and the full size keyboard
Great Keyboard
Always though Logitec made good products, but this is a terrible piece of ...
great product.I expect a bluetooth version soon
Nice price, great for mac!
Broke in one year.
Beware
Easy to install - just turn the power button on!
The Best Keyboard for Mac Hands Down
I'm so glad I decided to get this for my macbook air instead of the Apple keyboard!
Five Stars
Love it!
Worked for a while....
This is a great keyboard. Yea it would be nice if it ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
NO Caps lock indicator.
LOVE it. No more wasted AAs.
It's not like stops me from using the keyboard
No issues!
Must buy! Cheaper than Apple but just as good!
flimsy and won't last
Divine!
Good for my space, solar works great.
It ain't an Apple product but it does the job ...
Works perfectly with OS X machines, and the ability ...
Second one I've owned and it's a nice compromise between too small and light and too bi ...
Love this keyboard
Missing Caps Lock Indicator
Very happy with this keyboard
Awesome, and Solar Powered to Boot!
Sloppy workmanship and poor quality
It only lasts for three years then dies
I am SO happy with this keyboard
Simple awesome
Would definitley buy again.
Five Stars
I love the fact that I never have to worry about ...
My favorite keyboard
Won?t charge
Air bubble
Worked well initially, but after 9 months it stopped ...
Great keyboard and customer support
Big...and pretty
Perfect
Five Stars
Excellent keyboard.
Good for Mac but not compatible for Bootcamp
Great product!
no caps light or backlit keyboard
Five Stars
perfect! beautiful design and the fact that it works ...
This Keyboard will pay for itself by saving you the cost in batteries whether using recharable or regular ones.
this arrived super fast and is truly a plug and play
Five Stars
Was quite pleased with it till the keyboard stopped working
Wasted $50
Nice Keyboard
Pure magical bliss!!
This is an excellent option for a wireless keyboard with number pad
Stops working
Five Stars
Finding a good wireless keyboard for a Macbook Pro has proven challenging
Wanted it to work but...NOPE!
Wonderful for Macs
Five Stars
Very nice and practical !
Works Great Right Out of the Box
Nice feel and great "cool" factor!
Love it
It does work with Yosemite
Good product.
Wireless keyboard done right
My favorite keyboard
Keyboard has been very reliable and easy to use for past 9 Months
Amazing keyboard
Five Stars
I would definitely buy this keyboard again.
good product
Four Stars
LAGS
Five Stars
Most comfortable keyboard on the market
Best Keyboard Your iMac Will Ever SEE!!!!
Great low profile keyboard.
Just fine, not great.
No electricity? No batteries? No wires!!
Great so far
Not impressed
STUCK ON CAPS
The room I use it in is not super bright, and I've had no problems with it ...
One Star
Search no more
really great wireless keyboard for my powerbook
GREAT Product!
Four Stars
The best wireless keyboard for Mac HANDS DOWN!
Quick delivery
Unable to use in my bedroom
I Returned it
Not Working well
this is a great option. Not as sleek and cool not too ...
Excellent Keyboard
Poorly designed keyboard with a real "plasticy" feel to it ...
Great keyboard, wish there were a tether option for when the batteries run low.
The solar power function is great and the look is very clean
Best keyboard around
Love this keyboard
Great!!
This keyboard is awesome!
Would highly recommend for the price
... this keyboard in May 2015 and actually started to like it. But then the keys faded
Much Better than Apple Keyboard!
Short Lifespan!
Not really for Mac
Not for a dual boot OS
The best keyboard for my MacBook
Better than the Apple Witeless Keyboard.
If you think this is build as well as the regular Apple keyboard you'll be very disappointed. This thing is made out of plastic
Great keyboard
great purchase
My primary keyboard for daily work
This is a great replacement for someone wanting a wireless Keyboard for the ...
I loved it initially and would rate this 5 star
Logitech Mac keyboard
Five Stars
Hilariously Assembled. Poor Product.
Great iMac keyboard
Keeps up with me
Its good
Almost Everything
... this keyboard about 6 months and I am very pleased. It's lightweight
Lag is dreadful
Awesome for those wanting a full sized keyboard!
Cheap, keys stick.
PRODUCT FAILURE
Great product, and great price as well
Several keys stopped working after 1.5 year
Five Stars
Great Product, super satisfied with this purchase!
Best Keyboard EVER!
Looks and works like an original Mac keyboard
Perfect keyboard and great price!
Five Stars
Best Keyboard I have ever Had!
Awesome product. It looks very nice with my Macbook ...
Great for remote controlling computer
Finally.
Short Lifespan
I was very happy with this product for two years
Five Stars
Works great with Macbook pro retina
Excellent keyboard--hey, I'm typing on it now!
Excellent. Been using it for a few years now ...
Love it
great
It double types almost everything and has a bad lag. the battery is fully charged but it ...
Loved this keyboard - until the S key stopped working ...
Nice keyboard, terrible lag
Logitech gave me what Apple wouldn't
Can't keep it charged
Proves defective after 5 months of use.
No more battery hassles!
Love This Keyboard
Holds a charge good and recharges with minimal light
A++ Product!
it works well but i can not get the programming ...
Best Keyboard for Mac I've ever had.  Wonderful, no cords, no batteries.  Highly recommend.
Three Stars
Worth It
within 31 days 1 day past return allowable keyboard has issues
Nice product. The keys feel so good
Disappointed after some time of use
Always connects (which is better than my bluetooth keyboard experience)
so it seems pretty efficient.
Save on batteries.
Better than an apple keyboard
Love it!
connects like magic, works first time - every time
Doesn't work!
Works well on my MacBook Pro
Doesn't look quite as nice as Apple keyboards
Love the keyboard
Best solar keyboard out there.
LOVE IT!!!
stopped working after few months
Good keyboard, could be a little better
LOVE IT!
Five Stars
Pass
Don't Lose the Small Connector.
AMAZING keyboard. I love it greatly
Really the finest keyboard ever made
Well made and never need to replace batteries anymore.
its great - good touch on the keys
Works fine, legs are spindly.
I bought this for my wife since she uses the ...
Great Keyboard
Very nice product. However it doesn't work with the existing ...
I am disappointed.
Stylish and Environmentally Friendly Keyboard
VERY DISAPPOINTED and would only recommend to people that have time ...
Great BUT not for me . . .
Great keyboard for Mac!
Keys are fading in less than one month! Come on Logitech!
Logitech K750
Light or little light, after using this keyboard for ...
Looks nice and almost like a mac
looks like it will last but only time will tell
Five Stars
Works well!
Best Keyboard for Mac
Good keyboard, good feel
Great 60 day keyboard
Make sure you have really good light where you are using this keyboard
Terrific features, set-up was a snap and it has ...
... kind of keyboard on my pc and mac both great performance and really free pain in the butt about ...
Short Life and Non-Replaceable Battery Make this Landfill Material
excellent keyboard
Great Keyboard!
Nicely done!
Works ok but could be better.
Great value.
excellent!
Four Stars
reliable, solid product
Solar power, low profile keyboard - bad customer service though.
Number keyboard + Solar
Excellent with Mac Pro Laptop.
Love it except....
Good and works fine as what it need to do
Four Stars
Works great for a few hours but by the end of ...
Great for a replacement!
Bought this for Mac
great keyboard
KEYBOARD JOY
This is a good solid keyboard with a nice touch
I had high expectations for this keyboard. Unfortunately, ...
Five Stars
Love this keyboard it's better than the wireless standard Apple ...
buy another brand solar keyboard
Amazing
Nice design, better than Apple's.
BATTERY ISSUES
I love this keyboard!
Better than the Apple keyboard
Four Stars
Five Stars
A GREAT Product
It is also very quiet and easy to use
Works great!
Nice wireless and battery free keyboard!
Free from the death grip of batteries
Lasted only a year
It never worked
It's a fine keyboard, but it's not for me.
Very easy to set up
Great product, I love it
Serves its purpose
Durability Issue
This is my third one, and i love it.
Amazing!
Key labels wearing out; no cap-lock light.
I love that I don't have to charge this...
I use this on a Mac work laptop. For ...
No more batteries, and a number pad! This ...
The keyboard worked well in the beginning. The solar ...
Five Stars
Frustrated. Now it won't work.
Comfortable, responsive, and very Mac-esque.
Inconsistent
Works great
It's everything that they promise
Can't determine if caps lock is on or off.
Works well so far
1 star
Great item!
Battery goes down pretty quickly, otherwise not a problem
Worked for a few weeks then nada...
Great keyboard. They should make one with a track ...
No more worries about battery life!
Works very well, as expected
Love this keyboard, been using now for a few months
It's a good keyboard but sometimes it gives me issues and lags ...
worth the investment
Exceeded my expectations. Works well in dim light too ...
Five Stars
Works great
Very nice keyboard
Five Stars
Don't buy Apple's keyboard!
Five Stars
Great Wireless Keyboard for Mac While Avoiding the Apple Tax
exactly as expected. I keep rebuying this keyboard after ...
I hate that its not blutooth compatiable
Great Keyboard
Four Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic product. Great price
Must get keyboard for Mac users
Five Stars
Charges well and the keys are rearrange-able.
Great at first, now junk.
Five Stars
Won't hold a charge
The best keyboard ever !!
I like this one much better than the apple keyboard
Keyboard stops working after a few months
I love this solar wireless keyboard
Needs a "caps lock light"
Third times the charm?
This looks so good with my Mac setup
Excellent wireless solar keyboard for the mac
Falty
Five Stars
One Star
SOLAR POWAAAAA
Great keyboard. Light & comfortable to use
After 2 weeks, critical keys not working.
Intermittent conflicts
Clean look and works great!
Excellent keyboard
this works great if you are in direct sun light and close ...
Never change batteries
great
I can't say enough good things about this keyboard
Exactly what I was looking for.
Awesome!
Very nice!
Solar nice
Nice keyboard but some suggestions
Love it!
I couldn't be more pleased with this keyboard
Five Stars
Nice feel and good to be free of batteries
Awesome Apple Companion Product
Great keyboard
Great except for keys popping off.
but this version for mac has all the useful keys, i love not having to buy
Nice keyboard, if it works for you.
When I got it a key was sticking I was hoping that it would get better by using it
... my Macbook for my home office and I absolutely love it. Had it for about a month now
Love it
I love this keyboard so much I bought one for work ...
Good product. To be recommended.
Five Stars
great, lite and works well as a portable keyboard
No more wires!
Good so far
Five Stars
Love it.
Great and solid solar powered keyboard
Love this keyboard
Great for and Apple Product.
Five Stars
Super Thin and Reliable
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
no more batteries
It's great! A bit bigger and not as ergonomic as ...
Works great but the Delivery was super fast
Unreliable
Cool keyboard
Solid value, looks great and works better than you would think.
Great keyboard!
Five Stars
The right keyboard for all!
this keyboard works perfect! I have two of these and will not ...
Works great with Mac
Tight/Clean Keyboard
Works great on my MAC but the keyboard was not the ...
Save the batteries!
Excellent keyboard with no recharging batteries
Works
Great
Good Keyboard
I returned it.
great!
This keyboard is great. It almost never has direct sunlight
Perfect
It looks and feels like apple could have made it
Logitech
Solar is the way to go
Awesome keyboard
Five Stars
waste of money
Glad I bought it
Keys are comfortable to press
Best alternative to the Apple keyboards for me
No cap lock indicia
Five Stars
Overall a great purchase.
Five Stars
Very good.
This is the wireless keyboard Apple should have designed
A great convenience for the office!
Great Keyboard
no fault
Somethings off about this Keyboard - Bubbles in the solar panels
Why you should not buy this
easy setup
BEWARE!! Terrible Keyboard
The tactile feel is my favorite.
Better than the Small Apple Keyboard
No-battery, full keyboard alternative to the Apple Wireless Keyboard
as advertised
Wireless Keyboard
Awesome keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice keyboard
No batteries needed
Great Keyboard!
Fantastic that it's solar powered
I really like the feel of the keys
Good but not spectacular
Five Stars
Works great with my old MacBook pro and solar powered!
Came broken
Great full size keyboard
Seems very nice, but I needed 15 foot range for a ...
battery replacement terrible
Four Stars
Awesome Keyboard
The keyboard works fine so far
I purchased this keyboard in April 2017. It is ...
Doesn't work anymore.
Great but...
The keyboard is great except for a couple of points
Five Stars
Replaces an identical one which began having keying problems after 6 or 7 years of continual use.
Great with my Macbook
Five Stars
Doesn't need much like, works like a champ
My favorite keyboard to date
If it works
Five Stars
Pretty tight. I'm stoked.
Two Stars
Easily scratchable clear hard plastic came with air bubbles and ...
So-so.  Needs keyboard app.
I would not recommend this!
Great solution for eliminating need for batteries.
Beautiful, high-quality keyboard that gets the job done
Good Keyboard but...
Great keyboard with No battery anxiety!
It's big
Great keyboard
Five Stars
Apple's loss
BEST KEYBOARD EVER
... it for a few months now and it works great.
Why aren't more gadgets using this tech!
The only reason I got this keyboard as a replacement ...
would be nice to have the option to charge it off of ...
750 keyboard on win 7
Five Stars
I love this keyboard!
works great
Best wireless keyboard for the Mac so far
Works well!
Great!
This is the perfect keyboard. It holds the charge for so long
Five Stars
Great product.
Five Stars
great quality for the price as an alternative to apple product
Awesome. Nice quality
Works well. and I would recommend this over apple's.
Not for heavy use.
Amazing plug and play right out of the box!
Excellent - worked right out the box.
Love this keyboard
Great keyboard
Excellent keyboard.
KB great replacement
Can't Beat the Wireless/Solar Panel Combination
Great for Macs.
Solar panel issue?
Better than Apple boards
Very nice very easy
One Star
Best Mac keyboard ever.
This keyboard is so cool. I got it for my son for his ...
nice buy
Five Stars
My favourite keyboard
Environmentally sound and a great wireless keyboard
Great Keyboard for the Mac
Five Stars
Love this keyboard
Look Ma, no wires!
I could not get it to work with my new ...
Not really a Mac keyboard
Five Stars
Very Satisfied
Love it!
Super Keyboard
Wireless
Dictation problem
Keyboard Won't Pair to Mac
Five Stars
I use it every day at work!
Five Stars
Great keyboard. Only problem is capset doesn't let me ...
Fine keyboard in all respects
I like having the numeric keypad on a wireless keyboard
Five Stars
Works great, looks beautiful.
Makes you wonder why every keyboard sin't built this way ...
The missing number pad
Ok, but keys don't have a great feel to my touch
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
Four Stars
Really great with my MacBook Pro
Easy use
Good keyboard
I have purchase 20+ of these keyboards for the office ...
Five Stars
It is ok. but it doesn't have indicator light for cap or num lock.
Battery certainly not long lasting.
Five Stars
Incredible
Nice wireless KB
Does not hold charge
Perfect!
I would buy it again
Five Stars
I LOVE this keyboard
Really like this keyboard
waste of money
Very comfortable keyboard and it obviously is charging itself up since ...
One Star
Works well with Mac.
It works well
Works great!
Best Keyboard Ever
I was concerned because of a string of negative ratings ...
Bought this keyboard for use primarily with my windows PC ...
Three Stars
solar keyboard meets expectations
This is one of the best looking keyboards I have ever used
Stop thinking about it, just get it.
was pretty disheartening to see TWO air bubbles on the solar ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cool as can be.
Five Stars
Solar screen damaged
One Star
Very easy to set up and it also has a great ...
Five Stars
One Star
Good Keyboard, Questionable Customer Service
Five Stars
Very happy with this keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Just what I wanted
Great product, causes jealousy among family members
Five Stars
this is a wonderful keyboard, the keys have great feel
Works seamlessly for my MacBook Pro.
My hands are happy with the Logitech keyboard and it's full size
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome product!
Go solar!
Works really well
the best keyboard ever
Five Stars
Exceptional keyboard and it is solar too!
Stopped working after 2 months
Five Stars
best keyboard everrr
Logitech has been making excellent keyboards for decades and this was no exception
The buttons feel good and I'm saving the environment by using a solar ...
No CAPS LOCK indicator light which is odd and sometimes annoying.
Great keyboard
I like it!
Five Stars
Love this keyboard!
Works Perfectly!
I really love this keyboard
Good for MacBook
Great keyboard! The buttons feel great
Stopped Working After 2 Months and Logitech Will Not Replace
Nice
Wireless + numeric keypad + good battery life
met all my expectations
Wireless Solar Keyboard
BETTER THAN APPLE WIRELESS KEYBOARD!!
Nice feel
Perfect Compliment for MBP
Five Stars
Had high hopes
The sun even shines in Michigan
Great product, but delete key came broken.
Aesthetically pleasing and nice quality. The buttons are slightly higher than the ...
Five Stars
LOVED this keyboard
Keyboard is nice BUT it won't work without the wireless extender on ...
Excellent
Great Wireless Option
Great keyboard for a MAC
a great keyboard made for the Mac
It is not how they display
Best Use of Solar - Ever!
Five Stars
Love this keyboard.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Like it
It's very very nice. No issues
Looking forward to not needing batteries
Two Stars
Wouldn't recommend
Awesome addition to my iMac
Free power and no batteries.  Love it!
Nice upgrade (and wireless) for the Mac keyboard.
Awesome product for Macs!
This keyboard has been great until today
Best Keyboard
Quit Working After 6 Months
Very nice touch, feel
Great wireless keyboard
Recommended
Three Stars
VM Fusion users' beware
This keyboard is not responsive. I have had several ...
Great keyboard for my iMac however....
Nice full size keyboard
... keyboard for about six months and it's been working great. I have a keyboard tray at my desk ...
Great keyboard except after 4 months the left cmd key ...
Works great
Don't buy refurbished electronics from Amazon
An Excellent Mac Style Keyboard
I love it.
Good keyboard - Especially for the price.
Five Stars
Very unreliable connectivity, lag time - - Skip it!
good wireless solar power keyboard
needs better light sensitivity. never has enough light
Got tired of changing batteries on my wireless keyboard. ...
Amazing
fantastic
Works very well!
Easy Set-up & amazing keyboard
This is my fourth one of these. Absolute best keyboard on the market.
Love this keyboard!!!
Great keyboard
Four Stars
Better than I hoped
Fabulous
Great buy
Amazing Keyboard
Solar Power Keyborad
One Star
so awesome. love it
Love it!
This keyboard is amazing!
This key board is good but this key board is not a brand new ...
better than the Apple keyboards
I love this keyboard
Nice and clean looking
Like it. Charges easily
Five Stars
... they don't bring it up to a level I like and look like they will break the first time ...
Nice keyboard that never needs batteries...
Very good with Minor flaws
Great wireless keyboard with familiar Apple layout
excellent buy
Five Stars
Doesn't hold a charge
Good durability and quality
Buy it!
Great keyboard, good tactile feel
Save your $
Works great with our Apple PC and we love that it ...
Replaced MAC keyboards
Five Stars
Perfect Wireless Keyboard for MAC
Good, Reliable Keyboard
Four Stars
Hope it is more durable than the Apple
This is amazing. Better than the Apple keyboard
Solar keyboard that is reliable.
Now I want one
Five Stars
Sweet wireless keyboard with numeric keypad that works on MAC
Great Keyboard
Great for MacBook Pro
Five Stars
Super awesome keyboard!
Five Stars
Best for every use
Great keyboard for my iMac
Waste of time and energy
solar quality is a plus, material makeup is average
Good product.
Five Stars
Better than the keyboard that comes with iMac
One Star
Decent!
Wonderful
Fantastic keyboard for mac, just wish it didnt need the unifying dongle
Great Buy!
Perfect for my Mac!
Stopped working after a few months
Five Stars
But very nice feel
great
Five Stars
LOVE! This is brilliant
Solar keyboard
Great Solar Keyboard.  Still works in the dark!
Five Stars
Works as advertised and no batteries!
Air Bubble in Solar Pane
One Star
Best keyboard I've purchased
Seamless set up.
Best Keyboard for iMax
This keyboard is awesome! I love the feel and click of the ...
great!
Five Stars
A gift for amazon giveaway
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
Perfect for what I needed
Five Stars
Very disappointed in this Logitech product!
Don't waste your money
Love it.
Great product. Make sure the photocell is in good ...
Two Stars
nice looking and feels solid..
Does NOT WORK with latest Mac OS!
Works great!
Best keyboard at this moment
Very nice keyboard
Great keyboard.
Logitec wireless keyboard for Mac
Nice
no wires and a comfortable keyboard to use
Five Stars
Bought it for my son for his Mac and he ...
the connection with my apple
Never out of power, is always charged
One Star
Great keyboard - feels very natural on your hands.
Works Well
Love this keyboard -- it was a great replacement to ...
Very good replacement keyboard
the perfect day for my return window to close and my ...
Great Keyboard
The batteries last forever and it is a great external keyboard for my Macbook
Three Stars
Great product
Great keyboard!
Keyboard Malfunction
Great!
Useless!
Great replacement when bluetooth is not doing what it is supposed to
Four Stars
Very good keyboard.
Five Stars
... came with the enter key fallen off it works like a charm
Might be okay for gaming - not recommended for office use.
I Love It!
Four Stars
My review.
Works well
Worked for 4 months
I am glad my old Mac keyboard failed
I was a product skeptic, but really pleased with what I got
This product didn't work. The solar panel never charged ...
Five Stars
like no other
I've had it for almost a year and it's still working great!
BIG DISAPPOINTMENT
Sucks
Great Keyboard but typing feels spongy
The quality is poor.
Great Keyboard
This key board is working great with my MAC my wife complemented that is better ...
Great find!!
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Until Apple Makes Extended Bluetooth Keyboard This is Best Value
Best Apple Keyboard
Decent
Way better than any Apple keyboard and NEVER dies!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Great
It?s a toss up
Nice Keyboard
Great keyboard for MAC
Great keyboard
Beautiful and compact and elegant
Great quality and exceeded my expectations
Solar Keyboard
Great mac keyboard!
Great Quality Keyboard for MAC - Love It!!!
Very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great keyboard
Go wireless
Five Stars
Five Stars
Purchase at your own risk!
Key popping off
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I use this keyboard every day on my mac, just love it!
Never drops below 100% charge
Unreliable and breaks soon after purchase
Love the shape and feel of the keys
Waste of money
Three Stars
No cords, No batteries, No frowns here!
Works great..
Purchased Dec 17 2015, dead April 23 2016. ...
It's dank
I absolutely love this keyboard
One Star
Great full sized keyboard.
Great product
Great Keyboard for a mac
Only lasted 19 months
Fantastic solar powered keyboard lacks only one feature
Five Stars
Great
Love it. Everything I want in a keyboard
Wonderful experience
Love it
Awesome keyboards.
Flawless and reliable
Apple-like
Waste of time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Works great!
One out of two keyboards still working after six months. Great when it works.
Love this for my Mac!
Would Buy Again
Flawless.
Love it
Great keyboard for MAC
Best wire Mac keyboard!!!
Love this keyboard
Works great with MacBook Pro (with retina display)
Very nice product. This is my second
Not sure but waste of money
Kicks Butt
Great keyboard for my MacBook Pro laptop desk set up
Serious professional tool
Four Stars
Very happy with this
Sluggish performance.
Love this keyboard
Didn't work at all....
Wonderful
Five Stars
I need to return this keyboard. It does not ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wireless solar keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Yes!
Great keyboard
Five Stars
Good good seller.
good product, fast cargo. TAHANKS
Five Stars
Excellent keyboard. Does everything I need
Solar keyboard
Four Stars
I love this keyboard but my first one didn't last long ...
and I love that. Just wish there was some sort of ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
bad key quality :(
Worked perfectly with my 2010 Mac Mini and have never ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
great product
Pretty good product, didn't meet my needs.
Stopped working in less than a year
This keyboard is great. Very comfortable and seems to work well 7 ...
love the slim design of this keyboard and typing on ...
phooey!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Better than anything Apple sells..  For less
Five Stars
Great wireless keyboard without Caps light.
WORST KEYBOARD!
Five Stars
Once working, seems okay, keyboard a little cheesy
Best Apple Keyboard Around
Great product
Three Stars
Four months later...doesn't work.
I do like Logitech product I first order their Anywhere MX wireless ...
Five Stars
... only a couple months and the keyboard is rendered useless. I heard 25% of these keyboards fail
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it...
We purchased two of these and one has slowly stopped ...
Excellent!
Five Stars
No complaints after 2.5 years
Letters faded
Excellent product.
works great with my new mac pro and old macbook pro
perfection!
Five Stars
I love my keyboard
it was great and I like the keyboard layout
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great!
bought for the added number pad and was not disappointed.
Five Stars
good deal
Stops working after a couple years of use
Great product, I would recommend
No batteries to change and it looks so cool on my desk.
Awesome
Five Stars
good product
I like the bounce and feel of the keys
Just passed the item return date, and the battery ...
Looks and works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
There can be a little lag in typing but picks up just fine once you get the rhythm
I love it, it connected right up
Sucks and I'd return it if I could.
Five Stars
Great
Not worth the $$
Amazing
Five Stars
I've had this in my wish list for over 2 years and finally got it and couldn't be happier. It Looks premium
Works very well. Sometimes I lose synch with my ...
Works as advertised.
Great, as described
Perfect wireless keyboard for my Macbook
NICE SIZE
Wireless Keyboard
Needs more light than expected.
Good keyboard - good key strike feel
Five Stars
Its working fine so far (3 weeks)
easy!
Great Keyboard For Mac
Best Keyboard for Mac User
Five Stars
Great Product
Five Stars
Five Stars
CAN'T REPLACE BATTERY
no batteries needed
This is a wonderful product
Two Stars
Four Stars
Awful Logitech Customer and Product Support
Five Stars
Great Solid Product
Five Stars
Exactly what I needed
great!
Five Stars
Very nice keyboard.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Beautiful product!
One Star
Four Stars
Great keyboard
Four Stars
Five Stars
Does not stay connected
Five Stars
Impossible to setup
Great buy
Keyboard exceeded our expectations
Three Stars
Three Stars
Great Shopping
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love this so much I bought a windows version and a mac version.
Sleek and Quiet
LOVE this keyboard
Scratched solar panels and bubbles???
Satisfying Keyboard
The best keyboard I've ever had
Five Stars
Not responsive.
Battery dies, Customer service useless
I really like the feel of these keys
Never worry about batteries again
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect for mac
Five Stars
Very well built great soft touch and good sized keys not too close together.
Great keyboard.
Five Stars
Five Stars
If it worked I would really like it. Has a good angle and keys are ...
Love my keyboard!
Five Stars
Maddening.
love it
Key doesn't work after 18 months
Five Stars
Good Keyboard with Two Flaws
Five Stars
I got the Logitech wireless solar keyboard K750 on 12/8/16 ...
I just love this soar keyboard
Daughter loved
Five Stars
Wireless Magic
Nice keyboard
Awesome product; works as advertised.
Dope keyboard ??
Keys stopped working after 2 months!
Bigger than I expected, but that's not a bad thing!
Five Stars
As Advertised
Good item
Two Stars
Five Stars
IT is a great keyboard. We have been really happy with it
Five Stars
Great replacement to Apple keyboard
Great Mac Keyboard
Five Stars
Great Keyboard....
Love this keyboard
highly recommended!
Five Stars
Great product!!
No more batteries!
Great product, incomplete info
Awesome low cost alternative to more expensive blue tooth keyboards
Five Stars
Five Stars
enjoying the keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
sucks
Wireless keyboard, NO BATTERIES NEEDED!
Five Stars
It works great.
Five Stars
Bad
not just a great wireless keyboard, just a great keyboard!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
works well!!
Keyboard Finally Ready for Power Users
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Keyboard ever
Five Stars
Blot in the surface of a solar panel
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it. Great product
Verify if youre mini Solar Panel is scratch
Great Keyboard
Four Stars
Disappointed and no longer use
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent keyboard
Five Stars
excellent keyboard
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great feel, great look.
Two Stars
Five Stars
Very good product and the range is nice
Better than Apple
Five Stars
fast delivery and all works great.
The touch is nice, with a crisp key response
I like it
Five Stars
Three Stars
The best wireless keyboard for your Mac
Solar keyboard for iMac.
Great keyboard
Five Stars
Love it.......
missing functions
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love Logitech devices
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
If it had a number pad it would be my perfect keyboard.
Great Product!!  And Customer Service
Works great but poor materials
No batteries, no wires - no problem
Five Stars
Five Stars
great keyboard
One Star
Warning ..  used or refurbished
Five Stars
Best keyboard for Mac
Great keyboard
stopped working after a few months
Not Reliable
Five Stars
Five Stars
it is great.
Excellent keyboard
Excellent keyboard
I love it!
Five Stars
Love the size
solar keyboard is awesome
Doesn't work
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Great product
BROKE after a few months
Five Stars
No need for batteries
LOVE IT!
Great keyboard
Much easier for a person with larger hands to use ...
Five Stars
Two Stars
Awesome product
I could not be more pleased with this keyboard
Great keyborad so far
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice keyboard, but why not just go bluetooth?
Loved It Until Battery Died & Replacement Caused Other Issues
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
No wires, no batteries, no worries
Good solution for Mac users
Five Stars
Perfect PC/MAC keyboard
Awesome Keyboard
Would be good if it had a battery life.
great keyboard. Hard to find a good solar keyboard ...
The only problem I have with the keyboard is that ...
Battery Died
Rewind/Skip keys don't work
Very nice keyboard that works better than described
One Star
Great keyboard love no wire??
One Star
Great
Four Stars
Very happy. Keyboard has nice touch and was everything hoped ...
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Normal good company/product
Great keyboard!
no more batteries
best
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
still works great.
just works!
Cheap and broke in two months.
Bought a refurbished one but when arrived it looked like brand new
Five Stars
Everything I need
An excellent and well built product
Great...  until it wasn't.
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
A great companion for 15" Macbook Pro Retina
Apple should make one like this
love it! Also enjoy the Solar app
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wireless keyboard for Mac.
One Star
Four Stars
I love it!
Replaced the Apple keyboard with Logitech
Amazing Keyboard
Love It!
This stopped working after 2 months. Will not take ...
??
Stopped working after 3 months
Best Logitech product ever.
Great product/value!
goodbye to batteries!
Great keyboard,
Great Keyboard!
Five Stars
Five Stars
love this keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best keyboards I have owned
Five Stars
Good, But Has Design Flaws
Completely satisfied
Almost perfect keyboard, only slight hiccup right after turning it ...
Great Keyboard
Super replacement for Apple original!
One Star
Five Stars
Out of the Box Goodness
won't charge
Five Stars
Love it, works great with Mac/Apple
Great looking and works awesome
Best one out there
boom!
Great Keyboard
but I love the solar power and tactile feel of the keys
Sleek keyboard
Five Stars
love it
I just love it!
Five Stars
Best keyboard I have used!
Five Stars
Excellent product
Five Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Wireless solar Keyboard for use with an iMAC computer
Wireless meet the number pad!
Great all around, highly recommended
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keyboard feel and response better than Apple keyboard
Worth It
Five Stars
At Last...a Wireless 10-Key Integrated Keyboard for Mac!
Sadly disappointed
Five Stars
Nice keyboard
Battery powered, doesn't last long enough
I love the look and feel of this keyboard
Great Product!
Five Stars
Good experience.
Five Stars
Exactly what I wanted
Good Deal
Works great
Great keyboard
One Star
Synced with my iMac right away, so much easier ...
Five Stars
A very nice keyboard
It's just OK
Plug and play on Mac, Windows 7, Ubuntu, and Mint
Excellent wireless ambient light powered keyboard
Two Stars
It's not perfect condition, but recharge function works fine. it's okay.
Five Stars
Great keyboard. Feels even better than a mac standard ...
Five Stars
love it
Five Stars
I thought this keyboard would look like apple one
Five Stars
I would buy again
Five Stars
Best Keyboard, no batteries!
Love it.
soooo good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice Keyboard.
fantastic device, recommended for everyone who have IMac 27 ...
Very nice keyboard. Never seems to be low on battery
love the newer design
everything is fine.
Great Product!
Five Stars
High quality, low price
This keyboard was recommended by an Apple store employee because it is wireless ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy shopper: -)
Three Stars
Did not get the receiver !
Works Well
Four Stars
Five Stars
Useless
Both work great!
Works great. Excellent response time with the
Five Stars
Three Stars
It's A-OK.
Great, No problems yet!!!
Fantastic!
Nice Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
its great, but I really don't use it
SAVE YOUR MONEY!! BUY THE APPLE KEYBOARD
Great wireless solar Mac keyboard
Awesome keyboard.
Five Stars
Five Stars
the keyboard delivered as promised - easily installed easy to use
Solar doesn't work
Perfect
One Star
Five Stars
Product Failed
great keyboard
Best ever!
Five Stars
Logitech Solar Keyboard
Stopped working after 8 months and there is NO support - won't buy from this seller anymore
Very happy with this product. No problems
Add a caps-lock light and you have it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750 for Mac
Works Great for me
One Star
Five Stars
Very happy with this product.
great for your mac
This is the perfect solution for a Mac/Parallels user that needs a keyboard ...
Love it - size
An  Apple a Day.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awesome product!
Very very good for a used item.
Great Product
Excellent product
Not for macbook pro with 3.0  UPDATE  SINCE LAST REVIEW
Much fewer mistakes
Five Stars
F KEYS DO NOT WORK WITH OS X MAVERICKS 10.9.2 !
Nice but did not work
Five Stars
Letters are fading
Battery went bad after 1 year
great keyboard
Awesome Keyboard!!
Five Stars
love it
but it this has a small flat circular battery similar to a largewatch battery that the solar cells charge
Definitely a must buy
Works Well
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Unit doesn't work as advertised
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this thing
Five Stars
FOLLOW UP on Junk.
Five Stars
the best
One Star
Five Stars
Actually I really like the keyboard
Five Stars
Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard
Five Stars
Three Stars
Awesome!
Five Stars
great product
Five Stars
UIs t2his keyboard possessedU?
Five Stars
Four Stars
That is an awfully sad situation. No
Five Stars
Five Stars
Glad to be solar
Key fell off in less than 24 hours
Best keyboard for the Mac
DUPED
Five Stars
NO CAPS LOCK LIGHT.
no mouse or track pad
Perfect keyboard
Five Stars
Complete piece of garbage. Will not connect
Never charges, crap
Inexplicably died after 4 days
very good
Five Stars
Not worth it
Five Stars
Repeat performance was just as bad.
The Best Wireless Mac Keyboard
Five Stars
Works great! Bought a second for my home computer
Best Mac keyboard
It works great out of the box
Doesn't Work and Couldn't Exchange
Sweet keyboard if you never need to type an 'E'
Five Stars
A Disappointment
It worked ok for a while, but my work ...
Four Stars
One Star
It has allowed me to be able to learn more Unix Coding and the customize my MacBook Pro much better. It doesn't require much lig
No more batteries.
broken upon arrival
Not worth it.  Delays in typing.
Not great, didn't work out for me
keys stop working within one month
This board is awesome because it doesn't need batteries
Look for a better wireless keyboard
Wireless keyboard
Junk
Great purchase!
One Star
Do Not Buy
gave up after a couple of days
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!
Opened this too late to send back. The keyboard ...
Blah
Very poor quality
product works great, but solar panels look like a bad tint ...
great idea
DOA. It Doesn't turn on at all
Nope...
Really disappointed!!!
Five Stars
I wouldn't buy from this seller
No more batteries!!
One of the reviews I read said it was better than the Apple keyboard
Five Stars
Great Keyboard!
Five Stars
DO NOT BUY!!
Dead on Arrival
Five Stars
One Star
Doesn't live up to Logitech name
I didn't have a chance to use it. I ...
Five Stars
wouldn't take a solar charge - disconnects bluetooth often
Top Notch! Better than original Apple keyboard!
Worthless
Defective product
DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE I WASTED MY TIME SETTING IT UP AND THE ...
MUST HAVE!
Horribly disappointed--wouldn't charge after an entire day in direct sunlight.
Five Stars
One Star
Charging and battery life are horrible
Four Stars
Half of the function keys don't work like, brightness control
Poor functionality of Logitech apple wireless keyboard
waste of 60 bucks. product support already expired
Three Stars
Prior to purchasing this keyboard I was using a entry ...
One Star
LOGITECH SOLAR KEYBOARD K750 FOR MAC, DON'T PURCHASE
The "S" key fell off and it became a nice, but useless keyboard
It's okay
Five Stars
One Star
Fine keyboard
great concept
is incompatible with mac os capitan 10. 11. ...
keyboard works good and has nice feel
Two Stars
One Star
Mac keyboard
Five Stars
Doesn't charge.
Mheeee
Four Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Logitech K750 Solar Keyboard for MAC
It was awesome until it died in less the three months!
False advertising
Stopped working  after 9 days
I Have Ordered Multiple.. They are That Good!
Keyboard went out after a month, too late to ...
wrost product
Stopped working after 6 months
Space button faulty after a month
USB 2. 0 only.
Works fine... while it lasts
DO NOT BUY!!!!
Stopped working after a few months
One Star
bluetooth terrible
Three Stars
Stick With Bluetooth!
Bluetooth is not the standard...
Great until it broke (after 3 months of light use)
One Star
DOA
Not Happy with Logitech
Solar keyboard for a couple months- Environment waste after that!
If you're having issues with delayed keystrokes, connectivity or battery life read this.
Better feel than Apple keyboards. Keys in exactly the same place.
Nice Keyboard but there is no way to turn it off
Charging issues and types random keys
Keep Looking-- almost 3 years of use and customer service is no help
~5 at work, all worked great
WORST CUSTOMER SEVICE ON THE PLANET
People love this keyboard because it uses solar power - they ...
How to clean after a spill
Thinner Profile + Modern Looks + Good Feels
Perfect keyboard as long as you give it enough light
Avoid this keyboard if you own a Mac!
A better product than what Apple currently offers
SO close. But not perfecgt.
No cap lock indicator ?
Want to like but it's an expensive disposable keyboard
Still takes up a USB port, gives up built-in USB hub, no caps lock light, but no more wire.
LOVE this keyboard! No more batteries. Best investment for my iMac.
When it works, it's great!
Best cordless keyboard I've ever used!
Stops working after a few weeks
Terrible product, and the support is Poor customer service
Nice wireless keyboard - if it kept working
Worked well for the Mac while I had it but... you feeling lucky?
Just what I wanted
It'll have to do for now.
And they work beautifully when they work
Worked Great For Awhile
BEST KEYBOARD I HAVE EVER USED, QUALITY 2nd TO NONE
The rechargeable battery will die, and it will be hard to replace
LOVE IT! 4 years and getting another one
Keyboard stopped working
The Best Keyboard for either Mac or PC.
Battery dies after 13-17 months and whole keyboard has to be replaced
Solar Keyboard like Apples Wired one, but Better!
This is a great keyboard! Pro's
Better than most, but not great.
A Quality Product From  a Quality Company
I can't answer that but I can tell you there is an excellent solution for dealing with the fact that Apple's own ...
Would not buy again
Great customer support
Eliminating wires and battery replacements and adding a full numeric keyboard makes this a convenient alternative Mac keyboard.
Works for 2-3 years and then bricks itself
Great Quality Keyboard
Awesome keyboard to pair with your Mac
I'M IN LOVE!!!
Does Not Work Well
THE solution to your Mac keyboard needs
Worked Great for 2 weeks (TWICE)
I love & hate this keyboard
Great typing feel and love the solar self charging!  better than Apple
It a responsive and overall nice keyboard, avoid their software
Breaks over time
Keyboard in a Pinch...
Like not having another wire on the table
ONLY LASTED A YEAR
Just quit all of a sudden
Pleasantly surprised!
Wasteful junk
Logitech solar-powered keyboard
Dissapointment: Logitech steps backwards by stopping manufacturing the k760 to offers the awful k750
A good keyboard.
I pulled k750 keyboard from trashcan ... still works great even with one solar panel!
Glass cannon
Great for iMac, but keypad doesn't work with Windows 7 in Parallels
Be it Gaming or Word Processing, this Keyboard Handles it All
Best Available Keyboard for both Mac and Win 10 machines
It's a lot like the Mac keyboard.
Good idea, bad execution
Awesome alternative to Apple keyboards!
Thank you for creating this
Good, but.....
Cleans up the desk and functions like a champ 1+ year later
fantastic keyboard, never buy batteries again..
Excellent keyboard, but some incompatibility
Love everything except that the letters wear off quickly
Finally! But there is a problem. Caveat emptor
Legitimately awesome product
Good but still needs some improvement
This is a great keyboard. So much better than the Apple Magic ...
Solar for the Win
No regrets
Absolutely, under no circumstances, should you every buy this keyboard.
Need More Devices Like This
Super keyboard
All the features, none of the cables, and batteries not required. Fantastic keyboard for Mac.
An awesome keyboard if you follow the directions... ;-)
Environmentally friendly, easy-to-use, and not too small
Be careful
So far... Very nice
Very Good - No Complaints
God, this thing is great
Great keyboard
Absolutely love this keyboard
WONDERFUL REPLACEMENT FOR ORIGINAL MAC KEYBOARD
A Pretty Good Choice.
Fails, completely after
logitech sells good Mac compatible equipment
Remove the plastic wrap.
Best keyboard that you will ever use !
Great Keyboard For Macbook
Connection drops constantly
Never have to worry about dead batteries again
Rainy Day Woes
The. Best. Keyboard.
the Kanex has been the best for my Apple Mac mini
This is a great keyboard
Works great until it just stops
Perfect but No Caps Lock Light
Here is why I would Recommend this keyboard over EVERYTHING I've Used.
Great overall
works great right out of the box
This worked great for the first two weeks or so after I ...
Not With iMac
I loved this keyboard until it died tonight
Great keyboard with a caveat
Good bye Apple....Heeeeeeello Logitech!
Good, but could have been great...
Has a good feel and nice look.
Logitech Solar Keyboard K750 for Mac - Solar is GREAT!  Requires very little light to work well.
ENTER key arrived broken.  First impression: flimsy part!
Surprisingly thin, and sturdy! Love it!
Good only for casual use and/or in very strong light source
Needs a backup power source
the rechargeable battery on the K750 will eventually fail - mine lasted approximately one year - and it is NOT replaceable thus
Just what I needed!
Needed to replaced after nine months and again after four months
Well-built keyboard, with one big caveat
Five stars if the battery was replaceable!
Great Option
Awesome awesome awesome!!
Battery not replaceable - waste and polluting
Brilliant, albeit Flawed
A great keyboard
Key broke after five weeks; occasionally lost connection with imac
Great Wireless Keyboard, cheaper than Apple keyboards
love this keyboard!
Dongles are dead - won't work on new Macbook Pro
COMPATABLE WITH MAC
No wires is great and stays charged
eventual uselessness...
Traditional Keyboard Feel meets Mac Keyboard Look = WIN
No substitute
A "fix" for the fn keys issue for anyone that's using Parallels
Does not work with other Unify recievers
Still works great after 3 years - never had to replace battery.
Great replacement for Mac keyboard!
A great way to burn money without actually burning it...
This is hands down the BEST keyboard I have ever used
Great Keyboard for Touch Typists
The battery lasted fr 2. 5 years. Now ...
Good for three months
Way better than the Apple Keyboard, lots cheaper, plus a numeric pad! What is not to love?
Fairly Solid Keyboard So Far
Good board....just not for ham-handed typists.
Software crashes OS X - TERRIBLE SUPPORT
Low Durability
I have had this about 1 year and it will ...
Keyboard is good - until keys pop off
Repeated failures have warned me off this keyboard.
Nice, but drops keystrokes way too often
Amazing for Macbook Pro
batter life is non existent.
Watch out if customer service is a big issue for you
Great until it stopped holding a charge
A good choice.
Wish I'd Bought it Sooner
I absolutely love this keyboard
Beautiful and efficient
Great piece for the price.
A short trip to the landfill
POS
Best keyboard ever
JUNK ALERT !!
Logitech Does It Again
Missed Keystrokes / Poor Battery
DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD!
It is also slightly annoying that the receiver/transmitter takes up a usb slot and ...
No way to replace internal battery
Nice keyboard...REFUSED TO HONOR WARRANTY!
Does it lose connection like the K760?
I love this keyboard
Love it!
I love it!
Nice keyboard
Great looking mac keyboard
Bad keyboard
Not amazing, but it works well.
Great keyboard. Great features.
Forget batteries
Better than Apple's
defective charging or battery
Not Reliable
I was very annoyed with the lack of cap-lock indicator
Garbage
DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD!!!!
Great keyboard. Lack of manual and not 100% compatibility ...
Who wants to change batteries? Answer: No one.
Great keyboard
How could anyone give this 2, 3,4 or 5 stars?
Much better than the standard imac keyboards!
Nice design for Apple users
Sadly had to leave it out for garbage collection.
Yay, no more batteries!
Excellent keyboard, has a good feel to it
Very user friendly and Never buy batteries again.
This keyboard feels good.
Not at all impressed.
Needs very strong light to maintain charge
Stops holding a charge
Great product
Complete piece of garbage
Nice feel and layout
Liked it at first
Doesn't Work
i love it
Works perfectly - just what i wanted!
It is a great keyboard with no problems at all
Not good at all!
No more low battery warnings!
Feels great, love the solar.
Solar done right - it just works!
Help!
Works well with Mac & featured by an Integrated Numberpad ...
Best non-Apple keyboard bar none!
I wanted to be able to easily return it if it didn't work with my usb ...
Won't hold a charge after 3 months
Four Stars
And the fact it?s not bluetooth is really lame. Make it bluetooth and less bendy and it?d ...
I love the look and feel of this keyboard and the ...
I like the idea of a solar powered keyboard
Five Stars
Great keyboard!
Totally works
STOPPED WORKING AFTER 2.5 WEEKS.
K750 better than Apple for the price!!
No Function Key as Default (as yet)
Great idea, poor execution.
frequently disconnects
Great keyboard but doesn't wake the Mac up
Pretty Bad Product
I love the keyboard itself but the solar is annoying
The best external keyboard for the Mac
Works like a dream
This is an overall great product, very slim and nice to the touch ...
Five Stars
Great product from a great company
... it for over 2 years now and it is amazing. The only thing that would make it better ...
Backlight the keys and you have a hands down winner
Not enough lifespan for the money
Two Failures
All too short life-span
Five Stars
It's great, sure
Good idea, poor quality
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
I love this keyboard from design to function
Quality & a Bonus!
Good keyboard for basic mac use
Three Stars
great 'mac' keyboard
Don't  Do  It
Seriously. Great.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great purchase
absolutely wonderful
Love the solor
Perfect keyboard. I'll be buying another one for my ...
Stay Away
Terrific Keyboard
Best keyboard yet.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Keyboard
Easy & Reliable
Five Stars
Four Stars
not so great in the darker months of the
Two Stars
Don't buy it!
Work with Apple TV?
great keyboard, but...
Best Choice for Versatility
great stuff, well made and love not having wires ...
so knew how great the keyboard could be)
Great quality keyboard!
A Logitech Mac Keyboard
I have purchsed several of these to work with the ...
Great wireless keyboard
the keyboard
Nice keyboard!!
Five Stars
I still have not been able to use it.
Would be perfect if it was bluetooth
Logitech Solar KBD
A Love/Hate Relationship (But Mostly Love)
Easy to use, and PC/iOS interchangable
The bluetooth keyboard to rule all BT keyboards!
As far as Bluetooth keyboards go, it's definitely the one to get.
Stopped working after a few months. Logitech website is impenetrable.
Awesome
DON'T WASTE YOU MONEY......EAD ON
Not a fan at all of this keyboard.
I got 2 duds.  Key got forever stuck on 4th use.  Other the R key did not work out of the box.
They try to be good at all things so good is about as good ...
Makes life easier
Good but be aware of a couple things
Chintzy, Bulky, and the Keys Kinda Suck
Failed right out of the box
Great Replacement Keyboard for the Tablet Case that Failed
Great keyboard! Totally recommend.
Love this keyboard - connected to three devices
A little embarassed by how much I love this keyboard
Big and deep keyboard keys with no lag time. Ez to pair devices with Bluetooth.
Works really good - a few things though...
Not very functional when arrow keys stop working
Great for a mobile keyboard that can switch between devices quickly
I'd return, if it wasn't such a hastle
This is awesome!!!!
I am in LOVE with this keyboard
Good keyboard, but it cannot be used to toggle Target Display Mode on an iMac
Fun, Useful and Easy to Set Up
Keys for about everything, good features, but a heavy beast, loud (a couple initially not working) keys, questionable quality.
Great keyboard with a few exceptions
New thinner tablets fall over backwards
works great with Kindle Fire 8
I'd like to buy an f please
I would buy more if I needed them!
Logitech Wins Again!
Keys stick out of the box, lubrication required
If it remembered what it was paired to it would be okay.
Worth the price
Edit: Nope
Great bluetooth keyboard!! Clicky keys!!
Keeper
I love this keyboard
Il piu forte el mondo. Aquis est la pruebo.
Very solid and works as advertised until it doesn't.
Good keyboard with some slightly annoying flaws.
Sturdy as can be!  Smart as ever!  Long lasting!
There is no way to describe how happy I am with this product
Worse bluetooth keyboard ever
Not as nice looking as the pics
Versatile and easy to use keyboard, particularly useful for tablets
Great Addition to the poke!!!
Failing after 6 months
Fantastic Keyboard Overall
disappointed
Awesome solution for switching between bluetooth devices with one keyboard.
One keyboard to rule them all!
Mostly great keyboard for home use
Reilable and versatile keyboard.
Keyboard Obsessed Reviewer
Rip Off
A must have for Mobile Studio Pro, Bluetooth connection is instant
Awesome idea that offers you more options than a notebook.
King of Keyboards
Good for you?  Maybe.  Maybe not.
Perfect for desk, not so much for the go.
Best Keyboard I've Ever Owned
Not generic to all model devices...
LOGITECH - Quality and Reliability are still KEY (pun intended)!
Not terrible. Keys feel gross.
Nice keyboard, BUT...
Easy to use with Pixel and iPhone
Great keyboard if the keys didn't occasionally miss
Works well, easy to pair & great price. Im happy.
Not like having a Computer Keyboard
Great keyboard, with one incredibly stupid flaw.
Slit is small and stopped working fairly fast
Some things just WOrK - and this one is fantastic. Don?t bother comparing it to anything else.
Difficult to type on, heavy, and ugly to boot
It was good but it broke less than a year into use
Not typical quality from Logitech and NOT universal with all devices. "Stand" slot only fits devices without a case.
I usually like Logi but this is a dud.
No customization, but a solid keyboard nonetheless.
Not usable with Nexus 9
PROS: connects to 3 devices, tablet stand. CONS: loud, firm keys
STICKY KEYS were a big problem on mine - I returned it
Logitech 480 Keyboard is just as I hoped.
Updated: You're really going to like the keyboard
Better in use experience than the k811, pity no rechargeable battery and keys too high.
That versatile slot fits all manner of devices
Flawless wireless keyboard for PC, but issues with Phone
Would Not Pair
Good keyboard at first blush, not actually that loud compared to similarly priced products
The keyboard is a great size and very sturdy
A good choice
Keys stopped working after 2 months; Customer service no response
I love it.
Other (better) keyboards are available
Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device K480 keyboard
Incredible Multi Device Keyboard!!
No instructions included, but you should be able to find them online
Great keyboard but some issues
pairs easily, multiple device support is nice
This is an absolute MUST buy item!
Good, but watch the keys.
Keys didn't register unless typing like a typewriter
Wanted one for a While now
A must addition to my mobile gear!
Three devices- works great!
Good, but not great
Mixed feelings.  Very functional, but very large and heavy for a bluetooth keyboard
Try this before buying that laptop!
This has made my life easier
Best bluetooth keyboard you can buy. Period.
Nearly perfect small keyboard!
Not for the lightweight road warrior.
Good keyboard but have cracks ....
Great initially but...
Easy to Use.  Holds my phone.  Works well.  Loud.  Bulky.
regretting this purchase
Great Keyboard
SO nifty and versatile
Reliable keyboard. Happy with it after a few months of use.
Typiingg  prrobllems
Exactly what I needed!
Heavy! Not for travel!
Requires "special" bluetooth
Great keyboard to use for tablets and making them much more useful
Works like a charm
Defect. 1, 7, P and O buttons ...
Good for travel, multitasking on multiple devices
Wow!  Do I LOVE this keyboard.....
My search is over...mission to engineer my own keyboard aborted.
The K480 is a wonderful keyboard except for one thing: its weight.
well now, who's a hefty one?
Couldn't keep up with my typing speed
My laptop is evil
A whole new, but familiar, experience
One of my favorite Amazon purchases of all time
Great but disconnects or glitches on occasion
Wouldn't pair to any device.
Absolutely fantastic device!
Great Bluetooth Keyboard
Faulty product but other issues too
Laggy typing
All in One Keyboard
A good keyboard, though the keys are way too jiggly.
Nice size. A bit heavy. Sticking keys.
I love the look of it and think it will be ...
Just got desk space back.
Great for Android!  Needs Logitech Unifying Receiver for Windows 7.
Works great with two minor flaws
I like the keyboard well enough
A good product with minor issues
Excellent for the price
LOVE IT!!!
This is a super cool little gadget!
Beware!
Quality product
This is a really extraordinrily great Bluetooth Keyboard you can use for Win or iOS/Mac
Will not fit an iPad Pro 12.9" exactly
Not a Grab & Go
Awesome universal keyboard for iOS and Android devices
Good size. Very functional
Excellent functionality, Solid Construction ??HUGE & HEAVY!
Who needs expensive keyboard!
A multi-tasker's dream come true!
Works great.  Keys are noisy; keyboard is a bit beefy, but it conveniently props up a tablet without fear of tipping.
Does what it's supposed to, and well!
Works with multiple devices.  Very heavy and big.  Not portable.  Keys are clunky and not smooth.
Heavy, noisy but amazing key feeling - better than K380
Absolute pice of junk.
Tablets/Phones with a Case Cannot Sit in the Cradle
Good full-sized keyboard with a couple of design flaws
Good Stury, But Heavy Multi-Device Keyboard
Great simple packaging that protects adequately
like sitting up in bed
Good Keyboard for the Kindle
It is really sturdy, and a great value
Awesome!
I was happy I got the upgraded one with the selector switch ...
Interesting take on bluetooth keyboards, switching functionality seems to work. TAKES BATTERIES!
Very good BT keyboard for Windows. Android, IOS.
Larger than I hoped
Connection Problem
It was perfect....
Great Bluetooth Keyboard
Great for demos
What a deal...
Gain desk space, but lose a little functionality.
Great Keyboard For 3 Devices
Use on 3-devices, great for texting
Mediocre
Works great!
Function over beauty
Not compatible with all bluetooth devices
Better than I anticipated, a lot more than I thought I?d get for the price
Exactly what I was searching for
Exceptional keyboard
A "miss" for Logitech
One Keyboard to rule them all
works for me.
Sturdy, 3x bluetooth keyboard, fast connect, good battery life, a bit large
One of my Best Investments!
Zero Customer Service
K480 vs. K810 Review
Portable, convenient, but wish there was more flexibility with the angle of the screen
Hands down the best bluetooth keyboard option out there.
Broken buttons
Great multidevice keyboard...but not perfect.
Bluetooth keyboard rules the road !
Good product, may not work with larger phones
sticky keys...
Good, when it works. Too bad it doesn?t.
Great keyboard, a few minor bugs
poor quality
but overall great!
works great.
PS3 connection SOLVED!
No longer fully functional. (Edit)
Wonderful tool, maybe not for IOS
not portable, but great for use with tablets/phones
Letters stop working
Excellent Typing Feel and General Purpose Keyboard
which can be a little pricey if you want good bluetooth receivers that work
Didn't work with iphone 6s IOS 11.
Another game changer from Logitech
Virtually Unusable
I like browsing and mailing from my tablet and mobile devices
Nice little keyboard
issues with slot for holding a cellphone or tablet
I wish I bought one sooner
Wonderful Keyboard.
Keys feel a bit small
I wouldn't buy this keyboard again
Doesn't Fit iPad Pro 12.9"
Most handy keyboard for iPads and other bluetooth devices.
but I love it. The keys are easy to type on
Love this keyboard!
apparent software problem
So disappointed. The two stars are because the layout of ...
Buy It and Enjoy It.
Stopped working after only a month.
Sturdy build, long battery life
Perfect for what I need!
Awesome Keyboard !!!
Broken keys and doesn't always connect...
I?m happy with the product
Bad Enter/Return key
Works great with Amazon Fire TV
very very nice workable keyboard that makes switching over to a new device easy!
I find this perfect for mobile blogging on my tablet (in my ...
... what you would expect from logitech but functionality is perfect. Keys feel good although a little clacky
Convenient and Easy
Won't easily fit devices with a case on it.
Works efficiently, but it's not lightweight!
Cheap construction and bulky.
Aesthetically and Functionally perfect
Good, but heavy!
went downhill right away
Uncomfortable to type with
Poor key quality, don't recommend.
Often does not wake up and connect with computer.
Nice keyboard, bluetooth with multiple devices works well.  Keys sometimes stick
The three-position switch is great, it lets you pair 3 BT devices to ...
The selector works well and the feel of the unit is good. I was disappointed that the build was cheapish ...
Fantastic, 3 component, keyboard!
Great investment.
Reasonable Value
I don't like the plastic material but it has been doing great ...
Exactly as expected
Uncomfortable and loud
Big Bluetooth
I like the fact that I can switch between 3 devices
High Quality, reliable keyboard with a 1-year warrranty
The product itself is good value, but it depends on how you use ...
I hate typing on my phone
WARNING! CHECK THAT THE BATTERIES ARE IN DATE.
K480 +Feels good for desktop PC use since base feels more solid
Works for me!
Great software not a  good keyboard layout
This thing works great !
Nice compact DESKTOP keyboard.
iPhone/Smartphone/pads/tablets - a required accessory that is needed!
it's pretty good, especially with this deal
A product worth the money.
Great for making tablet and phone more productive.
BEWARE!
Great for people looking for a real keyboard with old school feel
Great Keyboard for phones or tablets
Power Switch in an Odd Place
Syncs flawlessly with my tablet and there's no hesitation- worth the cost and easy set-up
Great function but looks.... meh.
Beware if You Have Shells or Protective Casings
Quality I would expect from Logitech
Excellent Purchase I'm very satisfied with this purchase
Feels lower quality than the K380, slot is not wide enough for phone with protective covers.
Wouldn't pair with either my Kindle Fire 7 HD or 10 HD
Best keyboard I've ever had.
Should Have Done This Sooner!
Bad quality.
if you need a bluetooth keyboard for your non-computer devices ... this is the one for you
Good choice
Excellent for Touch Typists?Much Heavier Than It Looks
It works very well.  Quickly switches between different devices.  But, it is way too thick.
A great economical and convenient to use keyboard.
Awesome travel Keyboard for Bluetooth devices
Another Logitech winner!
Blocking issue with the keyboard
Perfect for doing fieldwork.
Just right.
Symbols are not in the correct places
The slot to hold your phone or tablet is nice, but my old iPhone 5 wouldn't really fit ...
Keys are possessed....
Bulky. Not worth the price.
Great for multiple devices
Love the layout and feel
Nicely made, much too thick and heavy
works well and it very useful
Just a cool little keyboard
Perfect three device keyboard.
The Great White: Keyboard Streamlines Effortlessly
I'm so glad I bought this!
Keys stiff/stick
Great keyboard features and typing, Somewhat Noisy
Logitech Does Not Honor Their Warranty
Actually a Real Keyboard with Great Key Travel!
A definite upgrade....
Phone would not fit and for the hands of a child it is so small
Very heavy
smart phone, tablet
Not a thin keyboard, very sturdy
Very Convenient, user friendly to set up and use.
I have two of these for my kids. They ...
If you plan on using an iPhone with it...
So easy to use, robust and just overall great!
Very nice portable keyboard
I really like the color scheme
... half of the keys worked rendering the keyboard completely useless. Wasn?t able to connect to my android device ...
Great Product, Lets Me Write Wherever I Am in the House
Bulkier than expected but still a quality product
An excellent solution
Brilliant - really useful.
It's as heavy as my HP Chromebook! And that has a screen and big battery!
Works great but needs high volume to justify.
No more frustration with typing on a Smartphone.
More than I need, but good...
Easy to hook up and works great!
BT keyboard works with Apple devices
Has some trouble with connectivity
Sometimes a "re-gift" is a lucky thing
It's a little buggy...
Amazing keys, feeling like a laptop.
Wow Keyboard!
Works Great
Thank goodness the issue is easily resolved by either switching to the other device and ...
I like the feel of keys and the ability to switch ...
A great little keyboard
seems like used
The ? and . keys stopped working after 5 uses
Great Keyboard
Awesome Bluetooth switching! Design is a little kid-like though.
Apple Store recommendation
Does everything you need, and no complaints for the price.
This keyboard does not work as described.
Better than the iPad onscreen keyboard.  Somewhat heavy.
Nice unit to cut the cords
SUPER KEYBOARD
Broke after 4 months EDIT: Nope. Works.
Good - great - for 7 months
Great finger space!
Four Stars
Great, sturdy keyboard.
Great for Phones and Tablets
Great Buy, would Recommend
AWESOME
Nice keyboard if clicking doesn't annoy you
Reliable Keyboard!
If like me you work in an office that blocks certain ...
Quick connection and good key feel
A Great Buy and Value!
On paper this thing is amazing. The switch is quick when switching between devices
Well designed, very good product.
What can I say, Logitech makes great products!
I love it! I am tying this review using my ...
Good keyboard for the price!
A must have for every tablet owner!!
Some keys may not work on some channels
One of the best portable bluetooth keyboard I've come across
This would be a great product otherwise
Not portable but nice quality otherwise.
Excellent Bluetooth keyboard, especially for tablets
Heavy for a small keypad
Great keyboard that needs to go on a diet.
Makes life worth living.
First it is good have caperbility to connect to 3 devices with the ...
Not slick, just useful
Great keyboard
Great bluetooth keyboard for my Galaxy Tab S2
You'll ditch all other keyboards...
This is super handy for my cell phone
The Little Keyboard That Could
This keyboard is great, my only two problems with is is that ...
Great idea, but heavy, bulky execution
So far I've only tried it with my iPhone 6+ (iOS) and it works wonderfully. I enjoy being able to use a full ...
Pure Comfort!
It's OK.not great.
A week or two ago, the control key starts ...
Great Keyboard!
Lasted 3 months
BUY THIS KEYBOARD AND YOU WILL LIVE FREE!
Open Box! But works.
Awesome Keyboard to Do More...
Excellent feature filled BT keyboard for this price
I love this keyboard!
Works very well
Won't  work with PC
But it's not portable
Loud.
Wouldn't expect anything else, It's a LOGITECH,
it's good
a handy portable keyboard
Very convenient and great buy
Logitech Bluetooth Pairing
Convenient bluetooth keyboard; works every time.
Great keyboard.
Saving my arrow keys on my main keyboard with this!
Nothing to complain about
Good second keyboard for multiple devices, too thick for your everyday keyboard.
It is that good..
Exceptional product!
Dead keys on a: "c", "f", "6".
Great Bluetooth Keyboard
Great keyboard
easy and solid
Great Device!
Feels like a regular functioning keyboard.
Box was in really bad shape
A Great Purchase & Exceptional Performance
Made the wrong choice on a good keyboard
four different keys didnt work
Heavy and loud
WOrks well
Nice alternative to the expensive Apple keyboards
Very nice keyboard
Very impressed and great quality!
Highly recommended
Fantastic, great adaptability to different devices and so much ...
Awesome Product, minor annoyance
DON'T BUY REFURBISHED!
It works.
Does what I need it to
Love typing on a keyboard - one finger typing?  Not so much!  Works great!
awesome keyboard
Good, if you get a good one
It's a good size, doesn't feel like the case/keyboard for a ...
It works well once it's paired with a device, ...
I purchased it for my phone. It doesn't have ...
I'm enjoying my new keyboard..
Great keyboard
Comfortable weight where you'er assured that your device will not tip over
Very good keyboard
Great keyboard, as long as it's working.
Great multi-use, but missing a few important keys.
So far I really like the functionality it provides and it allows for seamless ...
Use it daily, wish it were quieter
Love It
I would try a different keyboard instead
There are time where I have to keep resetting my ...
Meh... somewhat functional.
A Writer's Dream (or I finally found my "typewriter")
Good product, good price.
easy to set up...
So close to perfection
Feels like a Cheap Toy
A great deal for the right usage model.
Awesome keyboard/iPad stand
Good product for the price
Wonderful full sized keyboard
This keyboard works flawlessly with my Surface Pro 3 and ...
While I love this keyboard
Not as Quiet as I had hoped.
Solidly built, quality bluetooth keyboard.
It took a little while to get it connected to my Asus Zenpad 10 tablet as it was pairing fine but then wouldn't connect
Very convenient if you have multiple bluetooth devices.
Sometimes it connects and can be used for character input. Sometimes.
Long battery life - durable product
This thing is huge, heavy, and bulky. Size of a laptop. Not for me
Keys were really hard to press
Great idea but a mediocre execution
Works great but VERY HEAVY
Great keyboards
Easy to use and to setup
Good concept, bad execution
Heavy, Bulky, and keys stopped working
Got the refurbished model to save an extra few dollars and quite happy with the purchase
I like that this keyboard is small and doesn't take up ...
A solid keyboard
Works great
modified tray to fit iphone with an Otterbox
Good value; good feel; good size.... all good especially for the price.
the weight makes it very stable and nice to type on
Handy keyboard
compact keyboard
Great multi-device keyboard
Easy to connect devices!
Purchased this product and absolutely loved it and all of its functions but now two ...
Thumbs up!
As advertised. I liked it so much, I bought a 2nd for my office.
Never worked.
Not as described, really.
Syncs almost instantaneously; not too big or bulky.
A great feature is the rotary switch so it can be ...
An ok keyboard
Love this keyboard!
I've only had it for a day but I'm pretty impressed! I've paired it with my new Samsung ...
Its Good
Awesome Product
Not right for the price
I lost the battery cover
Makes using touch screen so much easier. Great idea that works.
solidly built and reliable
Works great, types comfortably
fits iPhone 6 with the Apple Leather case and accommodates other ios devices with cases
Great feel, works fine
I love this keyboard
Bought it less then 5 months and used it in ...
A winner in design, usability and durability!
Great!
easy no fuss set up
Large good feeling keyboard for multiple Android and iOS devices in the same household.
Try it you'll like it.
This keyboard LOOKS good and Performance GREAT
It's overall nice; just a couple of things to notice:
Not the best keyboard for portable devices in my opinion.
Sticking keys
Smooth keystrokes and Bluetooth connection / re-connect
Batteries Last and Keys are Quiet
Great keyboard for iPad.
Lacking a bit.
This keyboard is great. It functions very well
Exactly what I wanted!
So great that I now own two.
Quality and Heavy
The perfect keyboard for multiple devices.
Great full sized keyboard for tablets!
Very Nice
Very Creative Design
Great fun product
Worked great with my phone and kindle!
I do not recall ordering refurbish one or use. ...
I wasn't expecting this item to be so great! I'm not sure how I lived without it ...
Fantastic
The second one is fine.
Good, but loud.
This is a great product and even greater for the price
Works well with Android and Windows
Could be better
Some reviewer complaints on point, others not so.
Great keyboard
Keyboard
THE WOST PODUCT EVE. Yes the ?r"s are missing ...
Solid, but heavy and loud
... device protective cover of any type the keyboard becomes useless as far as holding your device in the slot
Good but remember a few things
It's the type that types, along with great features
Good Keyboard with Mixed Results
Good solid build
Would not recommend
Very nice keyboard
Solid, compact multi-device keyboard.
Great for multi tasking on three different devices!
Item arrived quickly and exactly as described. It's small ...
Keys Not Working
good product with room to improve.
Excellent so far
Sits around; useless
Nice keyboard with a couple drawbacks
works great w both
Excellent product, excellent value.
Easy to use
Excellent functionality, hard to set up at first, very heavy
Great wireless keyboard but too hard
The keyboard is ok in general but keys have to ...
Great typing touch also
OK keyboard
Great keyboard
Best keyboard you will ever need
I like how the hotkeys for cut and paste are close ...
It's amazing.. And the 3 way selection to pair ...
Great keyboard
I like that it's solid and I can have it on ...
Piece of junk
Good keyboard, cheaper plastic than the full-size solar keyboards.
Lightweight and easy to use
Love it.
Great product, but much heavier than expected.
Versatile and Capable
Nice Bluetooth-enabled wireless keyboard for PC and Mac! I have 3 of them!!
Right Keyboard for My Needs.
I love the 3 device connection option
Convenient for multiple devices
Product works great for a couple of months and then it dies.
Overrated
I LOVE This Keyboard!!!
Heavy and not sleek or slim!
but a solid feel and good key action
I am not a big typer any more but love the feel of the keys
Great Bluetooth keyboard
Awesome product!
This keyboard is nice, but there are a couple of things that ...
Great choice for Microsoft Lumia 950 windows phone
Very cool product
Great keyboard
Awesome
It's a winner!!
I really love this keyboard
Terrible!
I wiish it worked betterr.
Ideal solution for multi-Bluetooth device control
Great size - great price
Useful
Long battery life. I've had it for a few ...
Worked for about a year then broke
??????
... Bluetooth keyboard for some time now and I really like it. The size of the keys fit my ...
Bulky but great product
Awesome for multi device use
Wow. The weight on this thing is unbelievable. ...
TV support please?!
Very pleased
Easily switch between devices with a switch of a button!
Great keyboard with some room for improvement
Loud and heavy
Great keyboard
COOLEST keyboard!!!
easy to use and very reliable
Bigger
keyboard is not large enough and it takes awhile for ...
Great for what it is
Convenient for school
Stopped working after a few days
Not fully functional
Works great with Android phone
errrorss
Great Bluetooth Keyboard w/ Groove for device in top
3 Devices, One Keyboard
Fast connection but noisy
It super does the job
frustrating when you start using the keyboard after you turn your PC on and off
Great Keyboard.
The most horrible keyboard I ever tried.
God-send!!
DON"T like on screen keyboards and that has kept me from ...
LOVE this thing
Great solid smaller Bluetooth keyboard
Works very well
Works as advertised, but heavy and loud
but I love it! The keys have a solid feel to ...
Perfect!
Great, easy to use, but doesn't fit phones and tablets if the cases are still on.
which is a good thing! It provides a steady base in landscape ...
it is so easy to turn/move the 3 device switch keys
Super useful and reliable!
Great Keyboard With Small Design Flaws
Okay but it doesn't have any key rollover
Excellent item
Great, versatile, keyboard!
works like a charm
Awesome little companion for your mobile work space
It Works! 3 devices, 1 keyboard!
Great keyboard. Most BT keyboards are designed for Apple ...
Works with Kindle Fire HD8
Worked for a couple of weeks :(
This is wonderful!
I am disappointed.
Several keys stopped working after a few weeks
Tremendous keyboard, but it's too big.
great keyboard.
just ok
Used with Samsung Galaxy tab S, android ver: 5.0.2 model: SM-T807TT (T-MOBILE)
Works Well on Windows and Smart phone
Highly recommended iOS keyboard...
Must have if you want to use 1 keyboard for more than 1 device
Bluetooth keyboard
Works great !!
Works like a keyboard should
Useful and simple.
Cool and functional...
Works well and connects easily
A very good experience.
Another great logitech product!
Versatile keyboard
I use type to give my address great!!
Holds the tablet for ease of viewing.
Great design and the keyboard is large enough to be ...
Wish it smaller, but it feels great.
PLEASE do NOT buy this keyboard
Great Keyboard
Great Board
Love the size, feel  and color
Great keyboard, but won't hold my phone that's in a case.
HOLY SMOKES,  A BLUETOOTH KEYBOARD OF MY DREAMS
She loved being able to have her laptop
The keyboard has real keys, the pictures don't do the product justice.
Worth it!
Really nice keyboard which suits my needs perfectly
I enjoyed it, but my classmates...
Recommend
Works well as a keyboard, but the switching function ...
This is a really good value and works great with my Macbook Pro
Great keyboard, would recommend it to someone looking for something that can work with multiple devices.
It was easy to pair
I kinda like it but height is an issue.
Multi-use winner
Seemed great at first but ultimately failed. Sorry.
I use the device comfortably between a Macbook pro (with an extra monitor)
One of the best wireless/Bluetooth keyboards out there
I like it but there could be improvements
No instructions
Some of the keys are a bit cramped but the shift key on the right is better than the one on the laptop
From one who despises small keyboards
A real treasure
good keyboard, but
Delivers a good typing experience.
Like, basically the size of a laptop
Got it for my son during the summer break. ...
Rock solid keyboard
"Big and Heavy"
I loved this when I first got it but less than ...
This is a really convenient piece. I programmed a ...
Best keyboard
All time best Keyboard highly recommend!!
Works great! The only down side is that if the ...
Love It
Great!!!!
OK but bulky
Simply good keyboard
Good Keyboard with excellent features
had good reviews on the internet (various review sites
Defective key.
I love it... but...
Good product
... because one of my colleagues had this and she loved it. I bought myself the same one
This is great! For my job I am constantly sending text ...
Nicely made and works well
Wish I heard about this a long time ago.  It's perfect.
Awesome keyboard!
Works great
Preforms as advertised
Much better than expected full size keyboard.
It works great and easily switches between multiple devices
This keyboard has been awesome. I use it while on the bus and ...
Excellent bargain, as you would expect no less from ...
Some keys intermittent
Great product.  Great price.
Logitech was no help!
Lost my money
Awesome bought 2 it was so great
Can be set to link to three different devices...
Two Stars for Apple Pairing. Windows just couldn't make the connection.
Really good product.
Heavy
Pretty heavy, but works fine/great
Smooth Finish!
If you type you NEED this!
Clunky, plastic feel
love using it on my tablet
Solid bluetooth keyboard
Works flawlessly with my iPad.
Great product! Easy to use!
Robust keyboard - not very portable - weight
Improved my Life!
Just What I Was Looking For!
Three Stars
I've tried a half dozen iPad keyboards and this is by far the best. It doesn't travel well - which is a ...
It's a decent keyboard and easy to type on
Accurate Typing, Easy Setup
Great features
Probably pretty awesome.
I love it! It's exactly what I needed and works ...
Certain keys cease to work
A+++
Easy connectivity
Loud
a waste of money
One Star
Device slot too narrow to use.
rad, supper rad.
Five Stars
Easy to type and works on ios and android.
Amazing Product
An excellent device for someone like me who grows frustrated with ...
Great Multi-Device solution, with one missing thing...
They were a good size but the battery life wasn?t good
Great keyboard.
This keyboard rocks it! I use it in my ...
but worked fine. I ended up upgrading to their higher model
Good quality keyboard
Buy this keyboard... you won't regret it!
Connects perfextly
So far so good!
Cheap cost with great results
... and have (3) phone/pad/computers connected in memory is very nice. Great travel alternative - use for both pad ...
Desktop space saver and very good quality
I purchased two of these, eventually I'll buy a ...
... and bluetooth connection to my devices was simple and easy. Switching between devices is a breeze
Good for price
Kind of bulky but perfect for documentation/typing on a tablet
My go-to coffee shop writing tool paired with iPad
Great but bad power switch placement
Good for iPad Pro, not as good as wireless keyboard on a Mac for Gaming
Great way to add keyboard functionality to an iPhone.
Great Keyboard
I feel like the techiest guy in the room
I love that it is larger than other tablet keyboards
This is perfect for my wife's office computer
Great quality, no function key to dim the brightness of the monitor
Longevity issues
Saw it at Office M** and looked good. Would have bought from them but they ran ...
Love it!
big fingers
Five Stars
Convenient
For the price, I'd expect something better made.
Defective
Love it
A really nice and efficient bluetooth keyboard.
I LOVE this keyboard
Wish it was bigger
Works great!
Outstanding!
Bad typing experience
Great Keyboard for iPad and iPhone
Must have for people who need to type on a phone or tablet
Excellent Bluetooth Keyboard
Does such a great job of syncing to multiple products and batteries last ...
It's fine for its intended purpose
Not as described
Feels like a device that would have been awesome 6 years ...
No more fat finger typing
Works great.
bad product
Good product.. Highly Recommended
Great blue tooth loud keystrokes
Great keyboard
Very sturdy keyboard
A must buy
Love This Keyboard!
Too big and too heavy
I have not been using it too much. I ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Love it
Not all keys work
Truly a nice keyboard--keys are adequate size
Great keyboard
This connected very easily to my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2
It works. It's big and heavy, much more ...
I especially like that this product works with three devices by just ...
Totally not like k380, I simply want a larger k380-style one ...
Bluetooth synced easily with my tablet and phone with no hassle and ...
It was very easy to set up and I like the slots to ...
bad one.
Get this item today !!!!
It connects to devices perfectly and keyboard strokes feel normal ...
My girlfriend borrowed it for her iPad and won't give it back.
Five Stars
Excellent wireless keyboard for very reasonable cost
It's a great portable keyboard that can connect to multiple devices
Great Bluetooth keyboard, especially for the price.
Very cool idea, that is very useful for somone who ...
Four Stars
Nice keyboard...works as designed to....
Works great and love being able to take it to another ...
Good design.
Five Stars
One Star
I have thrown out a lot of Bluetooth Keyboards. This one is a keeper.
Love this keyboard
Keys stick
Feels like a full size keyboard.
Love it. I had read reviews for similar products ...
Great concept but they keys are too deep
Very heavy, but works fine as BT keyboard.
i love this keyboard
Not for Lenovo's Tab 4
I love this keyboard and everyone at work always asks about ...
Our favorite keyboard to use at work with our iPads
Five Stars
Beep, boop, bop,
Great Keyboard
Only thing I don't like is my mobile communication device won't fit in the ...
Not Quite 5 Star, but Close
Very heavy - certainly not portable; BT pairing was easy.
I love this keyboard
It?s nice
Keys don't work within a year
Awesome size not like a child's keyboard like others
Won't pair with my Nook HD
Works well.
Doesn't fit with Lifeproof!
Great unit
Good Keyboard
Going from my phone to my laptop on one keyboard just from flicking a switch is so easy and I can still do all my keyboard short
easy to connect upto 3 device via bluetooth and comfortable
Perfect of occasional light use!
Works well but I didn't care for the layout.
BROKE in a few months
Very happy with purchase
nice
The keyboard was received quickly and in great condition. In fact
Good keyboard if you use multiple devices
Actual size of a normal keyboard. Works great, but too bulky for travel.
and I don't like the slot angle
Great Product.
I use with a Galaxy S3 tablet and cannot type ...
... experience it's close to what a clear switch //feels// like.
Four Stars
Five Stars
R key stopped working
from 10 to 2
perfect
Best keyboard to date
Great tool.
Five Stars
Nice feel, stable, works with all my platforms
Super versatile for iPhones and iPads
"G" key stopped responding after using only a couple of times; UPDATE: Keyboard replaced after contacting Logitech
excellent totally recommended
This is a nice idea for a keyboard
Half of the keys do not even work.
Quality product but I had to send it back
Defective- do not buy
Review, so far
very nice for tablets and amazon fire tv.
One Star
Bad?
Very versitile
Love it.
I like it
Great product and a good value
Great Keyboard
Great keyboard and works very well with my Mac, my PC and my tablet all at the same time.
Not so great for typing
It works as advertised. Just too big and heavy for travel use.
This is awesome!
Varias teclas malas
Works great, nice feel to the keys
Excellent bluetooth keyboard
The Logitech Bluetooth K480 is an awesome keyboard for such a low price
Five Stars
Fun keyboard brings back new life to my iPad!
... for everyone on my team at work and I liked it so much I bought myself one
Works Great!
Plastic, not sleek feel.
Great keyboard
Hiccups
Very good alternate. keyboard
Productivity is going to increase
This keyboard makes my tablet SO much more functional.
This is my all time favorite keyboard
This is an awesome keyboard! The ability to switch between three different ...
My son loves it
Lame at best
Syncing Problem
Works well, connecting to tablet is completely painless.
Good
Good quality and easy to use!
Four Stars
Fits the bill
A piece of junk
Garish, Loud and Large but Pwns Its Purpose
Ehhh, get another one.
DOUBLE CHECK if it is new and NOT DEFECTED!
Love it
The unit I received was not representative of their intended product, but I am reviewing off what I received.
broken on arrival
this works great as work
but a great keyboard.
BUYER BEWARE
AWESOME FUNCTIONALITY WITH HARD KEYS
Great keyboard. Paired easily to my iPad pro and ...
Best keyboard ever!
Excellent product.
Real deal, beauty and resourceful in one piece.
It?s perfect for writing but not for usual use
Four Stars
Very heavy.
Its a good product
Five Stars
Do not buy
Great quality very durable and long-lasting
because mine is nowhere near as good as all these reviews
Handy.  Takes getting used to.
Good buy!
Two Stars
it's a good product good quality little bit heavier than I expected
Nice, full=size keyboard, easy to pair.
Excellent Quality and Feel
DOES NOT WORK WITH THE NEWEST VERSION OF APPLE TV as of 5-25-16
JUST A CLICK AWAY
Works, but clumsy to use.
Too big
Don't like It. Doesn't connect easily
but for my uses that's perfect. It feels like a full-blown keyboard and it ...
Excellent keyboard. Works well.
Great idea
Logitech K480 Bluetooth keyboard
Two Stars
Amazing keyboard.
Great keyboard, easy setup and great quality!
It works great. Just wish it had a Numeric Keypad incorporated ...
A Good Bluetooth Keyboard
Love that it connects with 3 devices
Great
Problematic slot to hold tablet
Five Stars
Great buy
Great Buy
Had it been think at top to hold the smart device but thin as a K810 where my palms ...
a bit bulkier than I like. feels a bit like those children keyboard but ...
Great keyboard.
Nice keyboard!
Nice and fast responses though
It's ok to swell. Maybe closer to swell.
Nice keyboard
don't like the build quality
Pretty good.
While its a good product so thoughtfully made
One glaring flaw
I really like this keyboard
Excellent choice.
Five Stars
Very Good Keyboard
Works great
Works great
This Keyboard...awesome..
Highly versatile!
didn't last long at all...
Great!
Bluetooth connection can be slow and the Caps lock key doesn't show that it's on in any way. Password entry can be difficult
Greatly improves flexibility of using my iPad.
Not good
Turns iPad into a laptop!
Best purchase I could buy as a writer with little ...
LOVE
Works great with Android.
Works great and looks durable so far
A Keyboard from Heaven! just arrived
Exactly what I wanted
Five Stars
Feels well built-Hefty
I do not know as I did not use it but my brother is happy with that
Three Stars
Versitile, useful a little chunky
But having a phone keyboard is wonderful. It is OK that I have to go ...
Samsung Tab S3
Love it!
I really like this keyboard.  Excellent for multiple devices.
Logitech Bluetooth Multi-device Keyboard K480
Great product
iPhone 6 and my iPad and it works great on all of them and was super easy to ...
Great keyboard
Nice keyboard
Five Stars
Very nice keyboard and I like the way it can be ...
Works very well and was extremely easy to hook up
Convenient - Good But Not The Real Thing
Nice keyboard, but found a nicer one
Great keyboard
Hands tired easily while using it
I remember buying this for my tablet and i couldnt have been happier!
Works well for me.
BlackBerry users -- BEWARE
Five Stars
Great keyboard
Works well and great for writing notes while researching
the buttons aren't bad, but feel a little cheap
Does the job that it should do!
Great keyboard for the mobile user.
Works only on unprotected devices
Love that it works with my phone as well
Five Stars
One Star
Great for use with tablet
Five Stars
Great keyboard
Tray doesn't hold phone with case.
As described
wife didn't like it, got in the
Fun!
Love it
Perfect
Good Keyboard-Works As Advertised
Works Great
Great Bluetooth Keyboard
Four Stars
I've told all my friends that I LOVE this Logitech K480 keyboard
Nice one it works.
Connects easily and switches from device to device even easier!
I tested it out and it worked great with my iPhone 5 and our iPad Air
other than that I love it.
This is the BEST Bluetooth keyboard I have EVER owned or used!!
like it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Smooth Transistion from PC to IPad
A good price.
just about ok - noisy though
Five Stars
Finally a keyboard to like. The Bluetooth works very well
Five Stars
Good but a bit heavy
Bluetooth multi-device keyboard K 480
Great keyboard, bit of a heavyweight though
Wonderful
Types like a normal keyboard
Easy to use!!
After debating whether to buy a chromebook, I decided ...
Five Stars
I love it.
Highly recommended
Five Stars
the function keys don't sync well in mac and the sound like the old
Best keyboard ever!!!
It gets rid of wires from my desk and switches easily between the three devices I have connected (sometimes a ...
Not really good
Two Stars
top quality product
I doesn't seem to stay in securely and it doesn't ...
Pairing it with my Android tablets and Windows laptop were easy. If I had to pick things I think ...
Five Stars
the keyboard is functional and connects via bluetooth just fine.
East connection
Would buy again
Five Stars
Have this set to three android devices, with the ...
Love..
Easy to setup and use
Wonderful keyboard for typing
Great
it's perfect.
One Star
Logitech Bluetooth keyboard
Defective
Good solid keyboard
I love this. It's so well-made and makes it so ...
great multi device bluetooth keyboard
Five Stars
One Star
Cutest keyboard
keys were nice though and good
Great Bluetooth Keyboard
My favorite tablet accessory
Great so far.
Great item
Pretty keyboard works well.
Falls Apart
Not what I expected but great product
I Prefer the Jelly Comb BK230 Implementation of This Design
Really good
Heavy. But good for in office work.
Seamless connection.
Practical and nice design!
Five Stars
Fantastic Keyboard!!!!!!!!
Five Stars
Excellent keyboard
Nice keyboard; well constructed and attractive
I love the slot that allow me to put either my ...
good
Feels Cheap
Waste of money
but works like a charm
Five Stars
Batteries and heavy
Good Product
The weight is almost like carrying a laptop
Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard K480 for Computers, Tablets and Smartphones, Black
Product doesn't work or long
I was looking at this in the store and wasn't ...
Big, responsive, a slot to keep my phone ...
Good bluetooth keyboard
Awesome
Old Tech, Bad Design
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
It pairs easily and probably works as advertised but I don't do ...
Five Stars
Good Bluetooth keyboard just buy it
Great little keyboard.
Five Stars
A Must for IPAD Users
Awesome ! 5 stars!
I really liked it, the only thing is the size
Works great but not my favorite Keyboard.
Five Stars
Works for me!
I love this keyboard
Three Stars
Just buy it you?ll love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
A bit disappointed because I wanted to be able to use this ...
Five Stars
Meh
Great for multiple devices
I love it!!!
Works quite well - the keys feel a little springy ...
Not small at all
serves its purpose.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really do love this keyboard
This seems to be a really nice keyboard, so far
It was very easy to set up and use
Heavy, Large, and Garish
Works as advertised!
Versatile Keyboard
Actually it is a good product and this bluetooth keyboard is a full size ...
If you ONLY need a keyboard for your device it's great.
Seems like it is well made.
Four Stars
Works well but keys are not labeled correctly
Awesome!
Seems like we could have mentioned that little nugget
But normally the battery life is really good.
Five Stars
This keyboard is comfortable and allows me to use my Ipad air like ...
One Star
A function lock would be nice (so that I can just press F1 instead of ...
Five Stars
Does its job
Four Stars
this keyboard is excellent, small issue
Reserve key board.
Five Stars
excellent multi-device keyboard
Its way bigger and bulkier then I thought it would ...
... must have for multytaskers and it works just as easy as the video shows
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keyboard works very well with multiple devices
Too heavy for what I need
Setup easily and worked as expected.
What a waste!
Really like the keyboard feels good battery life is good
TOO MANY MISTAKES!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I liked the keyboard model and really wanted to work out
Five Stars
Three Stars
Keyboard
Feels good to type on
Three Stars
Quick switch
This is wonderful! It is useful for texting
Perfect for longer texts or emails
too bad experience. My keyboard was received yesterday and some ...
Not for iPad pro
large, unwieldy, awkward.
the only downside is its bigger than the usual keyboard otherwise I liked
Love this keyboard!
Arrow keys not working
Good keyboard. But very heavy
Good enough for me
Perfect
Best Bluetooth Keyboard
Defective!
Another great Logitech keyboard
nice touch keys and enough weight to it
incompatible with iOS
Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard K480
Perfect for taking notes!
This one sucks.
Good versatile multi-device Bluetooth keyboard.....
Didn't work with my Amazon Fire
Great but not perfect for developers
A good price if it had worked with all devices
Useful addition to a phone and tablet
Works great. Just some suggestions for the next model
Good size keyboard
Five Stars
Works great, but I wish it wasn't as bulky and ...
The set up is a breeze and the bluetooth connection works great.
Five Stars
A must have.
Heavy
Buy this keyboard.
It's pretty bulky. Microsoft makes one of these now that ...
Great construction and ability to shift between bluetooth devices on ...
Worth every penny...
Five Stars
without this keys working properly the keyboard is useless!!
Keyboard for tablet
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's okay while it lasts...but it doesn't last very long
Other than that it's a fairly nice keyboard especially if you like more space between keys
Excellent Key Board
I've tried several but this keyboard is the one I'm ...
Easy to use
Paired easily with PS4 as well as Samsung S5
Five Stars
Great with the Mac devices
Very easy to use
Favorite keyboard ever.
Five Stars
Logitech Bluetooth Keyboard
very happy. suits my purposes perfectly.
This is great! I love the fact that I can type ...
Great keyboard. Worth the price.
Nice but I will not buy it again.
Pro - It does it's job well. Con - ...
Five Stars
It was so easy to use/setup
Works as described and is easy touch and comes to life when computer turned on
careful
I would have hated typing on it daily
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved the idea of simply switching between devices
Four Stars
Five Stars
Keys fail after using for about 1 month
great price
Works perfect!!!
but I like it's adaptability to the iPad and iPhone both
WHERE WAS THIS 5 YEARS AGO!?
Four Stars
Great keyboard. Connects to my HTC 10
Great product- was just larger than I expected
Two Stars
Very cool one, fast delivery
Five Stars
Five Stars
A terrific keyboard - very versatile
The keyboard in itself is nice. However
Five Stars
Five Stars
... my iPad and a Galaxy Tablet and both work fine. My wife was so impressed when she tried ...
Four Stars
What i wanted
Five Stars
Good!!
Very Durable! Works great
I didn't like how the keys felt
I was worried it had been returned for not functioning properly but so far so good.
Works great with Samsung smartphone Galaxy S5 or Note 3 but:
Two Stars
great product, great price
Best thing since sliced bread!
The # 1 Bluetooth Keyboard on the market !!!  Must have !
exelente
Works well enough.
Easy to pair and works well
Great for the price
Very convenient
Very nice
Five Stars
Great keyboard
Large and heavy.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great product, great seller
super practico
Open box NOT NEW. It was listed as a new product.
Five Stars
Better than I thought
Five Stars
Multi-Device keyboard for desktops?
Great item
This is a GREAT keyboard. I have had other smaller keyboards for ...
Five Stars
This is a fantastic easy to use, smooth to use, keyboard, great deal on a great product
Disconnect/Reconnect/Disconnect/Reconnect/Disconnect/Trashcan
Great feel to the keys
Four Stars
Android and Windows user
Clunky and heavy
Five Stars
Five Stars
does what it says, poor set up instructions
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Randomly disconnects on PC laptop
Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard K480
Five Stars
Pretty good
Using it now! Flawless!
Indespensible tool
I give it an A+
Four Stars
Sherrie
I love being able to quickly and easily switch between my ...
Perfect for tablet
Worked well for a few months
Don?t buy.
Love the groove to lay in my tablet and phone ...
Great keyboard.
Great keyboard
Clunky and stiff. Feels built for children.
Three Stars
Good !
but feels like a Fisher-Price toy
i am really liked it, but after a few days using the blooth
Five Stars
Easily hooked it up to 2 computers and a smartphone
Two Stars
It works great with my own phone (Android Lollipop)
Four Stars
Not great to type on
Good device for the price.
Five Stars
works great with my Mac desk top as well as my ...
Five Stars
Amazing buy
Five Stars
Easy to use
Three Stars
Great gift for the person that stores everything on their phone
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
the R button dose not work otherwise all good just 1 letter defected kindly advise as im out ...
Very Flexible
I love this device
Just what I was looking for
Five Stars
Better than what Ive seen out there.  Worth it!
Great bluetooth keyboard
Logitech Quality, Again
Great
A must have for multiple devices.
Deceptive
Keyboard is big enough for comfortable use on lap.
It worked well up until a few keys on the ...
simple bluetooth keyboard, very usefull
Don't buy it
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
I hate when big company like this lies
Five Stars
Great keyboard.
Five Stars
Works Well.
For me controlling diferents devices a one ...great
Four Stars
Handy to have in the home theater.
Four Stars
https: //www. amazon.
Good electronic product highly recommend and appreciate!
nice big desk keyboard
Five Stars
Much better than trying to type on a tablet screen
syncing it to her devices was really easy. nice big keyboard
Best Keyboard for Ipad!
Five Stars
Too small of slot for tablet case
Makes typing much easier!!
Type on a full keyboard to your phone
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Pretty innovative keyboard but it's a little big.
Logitech K480 Fast, Reliable and Adaptable
Excelent
Good product!
It's perfect!!
Five Stars
Works great. I little heavier than I expected
Three Stars
very easy to set up for multiple devices
Five Stars
Good for phone
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
I love this keyboard!
Great but could be better
and nice responsive keyboard
Flexible
Works perfectly and allows me to write anywhere I need ...
Yes!  Finally a reliable keyboard to switch between devices.
Great keyboard for mobile devices
little heavy
great keyboard, a little too big for my bag ...
I like the firm springs in the keyboard keys which is ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Keyboard
very useful for tablets and cross compatibility
This keyboard is great!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent keyboard
Five Stars
Three Stars
this allows me to easily switch between phone and tablet
Five Stars
Great keyboard! The switch between devices takes just a ...
One Star
Works fine, she loves it
Like the keys better then a touch
Wireless Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice keyboard
Works perfect!
excellent
Otherwise good product and unique in the
Great for multi tasking
it works with almost anything bluetooth
Super Cool
NIce Key Board
Five Stars
Great keyboard
great BT keyboard
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice keyboard
Works great!
Great product. it makes typing on my tablet and ...
Easy to use and set up
it complete stop working after a month, it was ...
Five Stars
The keys feel nice, a smaller keyboard that is the same size ...
Three Stars
Bad equipment
Five Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
The size is great, as is the fee
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice product, wish for open-ended slot to allow use of iPad Pro in landscape mode
Five Stars
Heavy but works great.
great, Note that if the tablet has protective case
Four Stars
The name says it all. LOGITECH
Too heavy for portability
easy to setup and use across windows and
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great keyboard and arrived on time
Two Stars
Nice size keyboard!
Super
Click Noise
... well and was able to switch between three devices easily, however it was too small to dock my ...
Hitting "Enter" on iOS does NOT send your txt messages.
Great little keyboard.
Three Stars
Logitech k480 is really beautiful! I recommend it
Heavy but great!
It works
Four Stars
Great Keyboard for multiple devices, but might not be for everyone.
Five Stars
Five Stars
... makes typing on my tablet and my phone so easy love this product
Don't use it as much as I thought
Awesome product.
... for a few months now & I have nothing bad to say about it
Works  Great.
Great Price, Great Feel and Easy Operation
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
works great with my Samsung tablet
Good for the Tablet
Five Stars
Bad quality control
New keyboard tool
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
works fine
Five Stars
Quality!
almost perfect
`
Four Stars
Five Stars
Works fine, but heavy
Great portable keyboard for my office in the work truck.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
gives me the convenience of s laptop without the price
squeaky design and terrible
PERFECT
awesome, awesome!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great keyboard. No problems syncing it with Samsung S3
This is a great Bluetooth keyboard
Incomplete package
I like it but to be honest its a bit too ...
Five Stars
Any
Five Stars
LOVE IT! This keyboard was much bigger than I ...
Battery powered, so you'll have to drop extra cash ...
Five Stars
It?s great that it connects to any device
Heavy and Off switch underneath
Portable and useful
Good solid product.
Needs a cover. Plus a little heavy.
Five Stars
I shopped around & settled on Logitech
After a year, it doesn?t work
Five Stars
Good portable keyboard.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it.
Totally perfect!
10/10 customer service and the item would've been very useful if it wasn't defective
Big
Great Product.
So far, so good
Five Stars
Great
Great keyboard
Cant type R, I, 1, or !
Love how this works on ipads
Five Stars
I love it
Not worth it
Five Stars
Love this.
it is a little heavier than i thought it would ...
Others are great!
and it work as expected I recommend
It was a gift for my husband and he loved it. He can watch a movie
Five Stars
Very easy to use
works great
Very convenient!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keys stopped working in less than 2 months!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cute keyboard,
Defective keys
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Works great
Shockingly heavy, flimsy keys, pairing and multi-device functionality works fine
Well worth the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Keys are easily usable.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Do not use around cats and beer.
Amazing!
LOVE it!!!!!
Five Stars
Great tool.
One Star
Doesn't work well with Windows 7
Three Stars
Pat B.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
phone didn't fit
but a good price for a handy accessory
Great wireless keyboard
Awesome keyboard!
Nice keyboard
great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Big and Heavy
Go ahead and buy this!
It's a nice idea but I did not enjoy trying to type
TDH  :}
Very Nice Keyboard
Good
Works great, but the slot is barely big enough for ...
Very satisfied.
Four Stars
Works Great:  Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard K480
Happy customer. Even bought a second one for a gift.
Five Stars
some basic functions don't work
Five Stars
Just what the Dr. ordered
Great product
Excelent item and promt delivery.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Having a hard time getting it to work. I ...
Amazing keyboard for a multi-tasker!
Useful Keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good keyboard.
Excellent keyboard but it blocks my tablets's wifi (!)
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great keyboard.  Quickly syncs as you switch.
Great keyboard
The dial to switch between devices is nice, I really like that feature
Great Device!
now I can text and email fast and easy
Five Stars
Five Stars
If you hate typing on glass...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX, It was defective! ...
Five Stars
This keyboard works great. I am currently using it with an iphone
versitle keyboard but large for mobile tablet.
Cool
Delivered Broken... Was a gift so didnt realize immediately.
Five Stars
I love this keyboard
Great gift for multiple device use.
Bluetooth keyboard
Keyboard is probably nice, but don't get a Fire 10 tablet
Five Stars
Great multi-use key board
great portable bluetooth keyboard with tablet stand
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Nice keyboard
Kind of big
Easy set up
Love it! Easy to set up
Must have for many devices
Exceptional product from an established brand .
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love that this syncs to practically every handheld device we ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great option, practical but i paid a lot more ...
Four Stars
Excellent! Larger than the replaced keyboard
Fairly bulky but works as described.
is great deal for the
It?s so easy to use
Four Stars
Five Stars
Clever design Can distinguish three separate
Works great with iOS but not with LG TV
Awesome!
GREAT Android keyboard, a must have peripheral!
... bought this with my kindle fire and it works wonderfully.
Excellent
Horrible, some of the keys on my keyboard have ...
Five Stars
Love it!!!!!
Keyboard feel is lacking. Feels like a toy keyboard.
AWESOME PURCHASE
but pretty good.
Works great with my phone
Five Stars
It's a nice
Five Stars
Disappointed
just what he wanted
Bought three for Christmas presents and the recipients loved them. They connected to Android phones and tablets
Works excellent though.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Killer Keyboard, works great will all my Apple products
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Noisy but great
Works great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Works great with ipad
My review
Four Stars
Three Stars
handy
Five Stars
easy to
Works great.
Excellent price and product
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautiful Design
Five Stars
Awesomeness
Four Stars
Five Stars
More useful with android than iOS
Yes it works good with all devices except old ones!
Five Stars
awesome
Five Stars
Nice keyboard. Seems a bit chunky overall but functions
Five Stars
Love It
Five Stars
Would only like it better if it had a 10-key :(
Four Stars
Three Stars
Good
but like it! I love the multi-paring function
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very nicely made. Seems to have a lot of protection ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Easy to use
Three Stars
Two Stars
sturdy but not too heavy
Five Stars
Four Stars
... a little sticky when it's new but it gets better the more you use it
Five Stars
I am happy with this product
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Good keyboard for your mobiledevices
but great price
Very cheap feeling
I like this thing
Five Stars
Great, durable bluetooth keyboard.
Awesome keyboard
Five Stars
Connection very good.
Great keyboard. Easy to sync and easy to use
Works and Pairs Well, Lame Keys
Logitech is a very good company I've never had any real issues with their ...
Five Stars
Best Buy
Five Stars
Great ipad keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works well as advertised. I have 3 devices connected ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Keys Stick
WARNING: IT STOPPED WORKING AFTER 4.5 MONTHS! -
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really nice quality but heavy
It's very cool, and I worth it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy it
Love it!
Get it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Connected very easily to our Samsung tablet and to a htc one
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product.
Five Stars
This seems to me like it defeats the purpose of using the bluetooth/tablet combo
Five Stars
Great bluetooth keyboard
Four Stars
Buy this now.
received an USED one
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Elecom Bluetooth keyboard Multi device Black with stand TK - DCP 01 BK is a better device.
Five Stars
Functional but not as portable as I would have liked
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great for big hands
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Too heavy for travel
best buy of 2016
Awesome purchase
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
iPad Air 2 fits too loosely.
Five Stars
Bulky and Child Like
Would have been 5-stars if it lasted longer than two weeks
Ok keyboard
Almost perfect
Disappointing
Five Stars
Great Product
Okay product...
Great product, super value!!
It works fine.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is the only keyboard you will ever need!
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Great Buy
Five Stars
Nice looking but doesnt perform like other Logitech Products- Sigh i was so hopeful
Five Stars
Love this little Keyboard
Five Stars
but just not that happy with the device
I was excited when I got this keyboard.. ...
Paired to my MacbookPro, iPad and iPhone perfectly.  Switches seamlessly.
Works great with multiple devices concurrently.
wow! But needs a trackpad type input as well
Four Stars
NO WAY TO SEND
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just okay not great if you like Apple products
The other is perfect.!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
so good
Five Stars
Five Stars
great design and was easy to get working
Lifesaver!
Five Stars
Works great! But they don't tell you that it has ...
Much too heavy
Five Stars
package arrived promptly. item is satisfactorily helpful.
Hard to type
Ok
Five Stars
Got 1, it didn?t work so I sent it ...
Not what I was looking for - heavy and loud keys
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent ... but kinda heavy
Very annoying..
Bluetooth connection has delay
Works well with Android + another mouse and wifi over 2.4Ghz(if you are aware of the issues)
Love it
worth buying
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
multiple function is very good!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Needs changeable settings
dont buy
Love This Keyboard!!!
Would not hold connection.
Nice but doesn't hold the iPad very tightly
One Star
Everyone raves about this keyboard but I didn?t care for ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This keyboard is terrible The keys are awful and I have yet to ...
First Impressions -- not good. The directions are non-existent
Only Worked Two Days - Don't Buy.
nice to have curser keys
HUGE.
works great but returned it because went a little overboard all ...
The multi machine function doesn't work well
The Logitech K480 is a well-designed, well-built, and inexpensive Bluetooth keyboard
Uses batteries vs. charge cable. Also, the ...
Terrible.
One Star
Great looks. Works great
I quickly discovered how great it was
I own 2 now. I leave 1 in a ...
Junk. Heavy and clunky
Broken key, weights a lot, just don't.
Poor Quality
Horrible layout, impossible for a good typist
Great product at an amazing price
One Star
Keys stop working after a while
This is a good keyboard if you multitask and use multiple devices together ...
Multiple PCs at once?!
Sticky keys and shallow slot
Easy to setup, Good key feedback but heavy
Multi-Device is not a misnomer for this keyboard!
Five Stars
... the discription didn't ay aa battery no mouse works good for a tablet but should have bought a better ...
KB switch defective
A Keyboard the size and weight of a subcompact laptop - without the laptop
Five Stars
Very Heavy and Large
well done logitech
Cannot get it to work. It turns on but ...
The best keyboard investment for people on the move
THIS KEYBOARD IS NOW BANNED FROM MY HOUSE...Unfortunately!
Four Stars
Two Stars
good enough
Works well
You have to know before you buy this that there ...
Bluetooth Keyboard
useful
Three Stars
You might think being able to interface with iphone, ...
There are better products out there than this
Four Stars
Five Stars
This product cannot be returned for return after a month of use.
Doesn't conform to Mac-- missing keys and no way to get them back.
One Star
it didnt connect to my bluetooth.... ...
I had to buy new battery from market and now keyboard is working really good.
Not great for tablets and portable devices
Trouble getting it connected.
Setup was extremely easy. Push a button to pair with your device
Some buttons dont work
This is a cool little unit for the price
One Star
Arrived inoperable!
Five Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Very small keyboard and no number pad. Maybe okay ...
not comfortable..
Ok, but not a knockout.
One Star
Five Stars
This keyboard is easy to connect and provides multiple device connections at once
Look elsewhere for a decent keyboard as this one is terrible
Five Stars
and it would have been perfect. Also a small mouse pad would have been ...
Update: Buggy bluetooth, possessed typing, overall bad mac yosemite experience.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
0 style it looks like a toy keyboard
Didnt last through 2 months of occasional use
One Star
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loud key strokes. Ruins my dream.
Four Stars
Samsung Galaxy Note 2014 Edition Pairing Issues.
Works like a champ switching between devices
Normal Features Don't Work
Works great, but the keyboard is very thick
ok
Beyond frustrating when you are excited to get something like this in the mail and it come faulty
... this keyboard were a potato it would be a good potato with
Probably a pretty good keyboard if you get a new one
Convenient to carry.
Three Stars
Dissapointed
Too loud
Best Bluetooth  External Keyboard There Is!!!
I'd need a flowchart to explain how many ways this sucks...
One Star
Disapointed since it didn't sync with my PC as expected ...
Keys aren't very responsive, don't buy!
Not recommendable to use it for tablet.
Don't let it get wet!  It will ruin it!!!
Two Stars
great for in-office
Way, way, way too large and heavy
waste of money
Too many problems
Worst keypad I ever used
One Star
Neat gimmicks. Just ok as a keyboard.
Three Stars
One Star
Heavy for Mobile Use
A great Bluetooth keyboard for laptops & tablets & phones - allows you to easily switch between them & supports tablets upright
Works well, occasionally
no connection to computer
Don't buy this mouse
One Star
Don't buy.
Great multi-device keyboard
Two Stars
Not portable
Extremely comfortable to use and fun!
Great to use in bed or in the car
The most solid iPad keyboard I have used
Good keyboard needs to be less heavy and less noisy.
Honest Review, Keep Searching...
Switches aren't great, bluetooth is terrible, navigation buttons non-functional or missing
Now it's perfect if you use a case for your iPad!
A good buy for most.
Worth $50 and a steal at $25!
Excellent keyboard for smart phone
Nice hardware, works beautifully between multiple computers (Both Mac and PC)  IOS connectivity can be buggy.
Need to strike keys hard for them to do anything and very loud
Good, but could have been better...
Best multi-purposed bluetooth keyboard at any price!
Okay, But Temperamental
One Star
It seriously feels like you're typing on a toy
Pretty good for $26
The good and the mediocre and the not-so-great
The almost universal chat keyboard
There will be days I will not feel like using the keyboard
Born 12/25/2018 Died 2/20/2019
Great Bluetooth keyboard, if it meets your needs...
One Star
It's nice but has it's design flaws
I bought this to go with a surface pro 3 and this keyboard is a good deal heavier THAN MY WHOLE LAPTOP
Good and bad ideas
Handy and easy to use keyboard
The Logitech Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard K480 is an excellent addition to my computing experience
Really convenient, really loud.  Needs a tilt feature.
Mixed bag, still using it.
Meh, it's OK. I really like Logitech products, but this one missed it for me. I definitely had higher hopes.
Great keyboard -  You will be happy if you buy one!
SO SO
Fairly heavy with loud clicky keys
4.5 Stars - A Nearly Perfect Keyboard That is Full Sized Yet Portable
Only one real flaw, otherwise a really decent solution
Pretty good, but wish it had a couple more devices, and also that the stand up slot worked with devices in cases.
Great Keyboard but with design flaws
Awesome addition to my already nice devices!!!
Perfect for anything Android
Like keyboard for android.
Old-school keyboard for new-school tech
Good when it works
Just about perfect
If you're looking for the ideal mini-keyboard for your device - you just found it!
Not quite there.
Super simple.
Exactly what it is supposed to be.
An Excellent Addition to Samsung Smart TV and Cell Phone
Nice portable keyboard.
Very cheap flimsy and heavy keyboard, disconnects at times too.
Almost perfect
Happy Grad Student, Great Keyboard
Nice keyboard when it works.
Very possibly the best you can buy
Big, heavy, solid, loud, and very well made
Great keyboard.
Good, but...
It works, until it doesn?t, and then they won?t help.
Good, until it breaks and logitech support refuses to help...
Great keyboard, turns an ipad into a laptop! (Well nearly)
Switch between 3 devices easily...but keyboard is louder than laptop keyboard.
Excellent keyboard, best for home or office use
Chunky space saving keyboard
Repeatssss keystrokes for some reasoooooooooooooooooooooonnn
Substantial and sturdy
Really like and hope they redesign it with the next model
Worth the money
Great keyboard with standard 19mm key pitch!
Nice functionality, but terrible feel
Great keyboard, love that it works with the new Apple TV 32GB!
Amazing!  We just love it!  Pairs to Kindle Fire HD too!
Warranty Replacement Sketchy
Excellent Sturdy Larger Portable Keyboard with FAST and Easy Device Switching Wheel.
Linux/Kubuntu 16.04 - the keyboard worked perfectly since the beginning!
Really like it despite a few shortcomings
Another great Logitech keyboard that I will use quite a lot in days to come
easy to set up and easily switches between devices
It's Good
We got this for a good deal and thought to have it in our gadgets ...
best bluetooth tablet keyboard I've found
Ok but....
Persistent pairing troubles.
Not great for PC; Invisible sticky keys
Useful and easy to set up. Add stickers to see keys easily in low light.
Noisy? Nuh-uh
Good Quality and Value with Function Keys
Three times the pleasure!
It loves Android and iMacs.  Some Dell Latitude laptops it puts up with for a short while and then dumps.
EXCELLENT WAY TO GIVE YOUR THUMBS A BREAK
Stunningly keyboard, a bit of trouble for connecting
Bummed.  Didn't work for me.
Just perfect
Perfect accessory for my Samsung Galaxy Tab A8
Really great little keyboard!
and works just fine as could be expected
Great solution for my phone and tablet
Up arrow button never worked on any of my Apple products
Noisy but awesome
One Star
Works great for Amazon HD 10 Tablet.
How to use the Logitech K480 keyboard with an iPhone 6 Plus in an Otterbox Defender case
Nice keyboard
First let me say I like this keyboard
First Impressions: Works Well but Has Finish Issues
Heavier and larger than expected
Logitech: Make removable rubber trays to accommodate phones with Cases!
Worst keyboard I've ever bought.
Perfect for what I need!
Keys seem to stick
Great Keyboard BUT
Mostly A Very Good Keyboard
Great keyboard. well worth the money.
its pretty nice to have one keyboard
GREAT KBD FOR OFFICE PRO AND SMART PHONES
Noisy!
Circular keys too annoying to type with!
I had high hopes
weighs a ton. actually more than 423gms (14.92oz)
Loved it until the spacebar broke
excellent keyboard for larger hands!
A Solid but Flawed Keyboard for Tablets and Phones
Great keyboard but has a couple of tiny flaws.
Keys too small for its size.
Not the best option
I so wanted to love this. Purchased a standing desk and my current ...
Great keyboard except some of the keys don't function...
A great purchase
Not (easily) portable.
Fantastic keyboard; Great value
iPad will sit straight up with no way to adjust the tilt.
Awesome keyboard!
AWESOME!
I quite like it. Typing is nice and it holds my ...
Will not pair with certain NOOK tablets
Love it! Some minor "glitchy" issues with Apple products though.
Great start. Could be so much better.
no instructions
Great keyboard for multiple devices...
HEAVY
Although this is a truly an awesome keyboard, a couple of the letters started coming ...
Great keyboard for those looking for multi-device Bluetooth control
it's pretty dirty in there with all the adventures the dog ...
you will love this keyboard
Thumbs are for hitch-hiking not for typing
Great keyboard!
Not for professionals with a Galaxy S4
Keys are way too loud!
One big issue. Great otherwise
Fast typing for a touch typist
Don't bother with this keyboard
Perfect keyboard for iPad pro9.7
Some keys no longer work after just a couple of months of use.
Keys did not work
Great accessory for my iPhone and iPad - it works so well.
Ideal for WORK on the tablet/phone.
Great addition to tablets or phones
Very convenient and comfortable.
Horrible keyboard. Great battery life.
Logitech K480 Wireless Keyboard
The idea is great as it is not too big on the desk ...
Love the switch feature
Great keyboard
Works great with my large fingers
Does not work.
and connects to a large verity of devices however the keys are very squishy with a lot of travel and the spacebar is easy to "miss" (not clicking hard enough to pick up)
Love Logitech and love this keyboard!
it is a great keyboard if you don't type fast
Buyer beware.
Nearly perfect for me. It's probably your best option.
WORKS FOR BLUTOOTH TVS ALSO
this is the one you need!
Best Bluetooth keyboard
Works well, just too big for me.....
A workable smartphone keyboard
Space bar breaks in a couple of hours
The best!
3-month lifespan
Check the size of your device to make sure it fits in the slot.
Malfunctioning spacebar makesitnearly unusable
NO CAP LOCK INDICATOR...WHAT?!!!
Unusable.
its a pretty solid keyboard.... NOT
Thanks for another great product Logitech.
Not Working
Battery life is very good, too
Connecting and pairing nightmare
Broken
that one stands perfect, no claim
Certain Keys did not work
Having issues
Did not connect to Windows 10
It's not a new product
My tablet not working now
So far a really useful device
Cheap feel.  Adequate keyboard.
Would purchase again.
no baacklight
Good keyboard, bad design.
It is a great keyboard in many ways - but it is too ...
Not really worth it; broke within 3 months.
As smooth as advertsed.
Four Stars
Wheres' the case (go)
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Bad for Mac OS X + Parallels
Awesome Keyboard for MacBook, iOS and iPhone
Only fits an iPad with no sleeve
This is a great device. Not recommended for daily commuting as it ...
Switching between devices is fast and easy. My only complaint is that they are no ...
Trash
The keys are a little noisy. Other than that ...
Some keys stopped working after two months
Very happy with this keyboard
Defective spacebar key
I absolutely love it. Easy to get working straight from the ...
Five Stars
handy product, bit heavy though
Excellent Bluetooth keyboard that we use with our new Chromebox ...
Five Stars
Great product! I can use the keyboard with my ...
Bought them for my entire technical team and they're easy to connect from laptop to laptop to tablet
Not easy to configure
Not even 3 months later item broke on me and ...
Fairly good keyboard, but no documentation for use with Galaxy Tab 4.
I like it quite a bit
Very Nice
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Keyboard
Five Stars
The mouse has a hard time connecting to my device ...
It synced beautifully with both computers on my desk
Four Stars
Keys are super comfortable to type on!
Bad deal.  Quick death, naturally just beyond warrantee.
Very poor build quality
Four Stars
Doesnt Work With Everything
Five Stars
Easy
Love it! Purchase this one!
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Great product
I replaced the last garbage Logitech with an overactive trackpad with this even bigger ...
Five Stars
Unit Would Not Power-Up
Five Stars
Great product!  Rotten company
DO NOT BUY!!! May cause damage to your tablet/phone.
keyboard for iPad Air?
Five Stars
Mouse required to use keyboard
Not worth the money
Not Compatible with Logitech Unifying Receiver
Loud and Sloppy Keys - returned
Also would be great if it had an external power cord and chargeable ...
Love this keyboard!  Now we have 2 of them.
All my concerns were unfounded.
Not a Good Bluetooth Multi-Device Keyboard, at ALL!
This portable bluetooth keyboard is great! Pretty easy to pair with any bluetooth device
so good. I?m typing this review on this keyboard which ...
Great New Technology
Works surprisingly well
One keyboard, many things.
I could not say enough positive things about this phone/tablet keyboard and stand, till it did not pair with my Nexus 5X phone.
I'm sold...
Bigger size than imagine and a little noisy
Works great. I wish they made it wide enough for ...
Perfect, except that I've used better non-mechanical keyboards.
great product for the right usage
Fantastic way to turn your tablet into a pseudo laptop
Long battery life, great multi function keyboard!
Great device - good keyboard ...
It's something you could easily carry around
Not as useful using it sitting on my lap as it wants ...
Really good kbd
I LOVE this keyboard
Snap this up while you can!
A very good blue tooth keyboard
Doesn't Link to any of my devices
I like it though
can I say fantastic, use up to 3-4 devices
Fine keyboard, a little noisy.
other than that it works very good.
The keyboard is so good!
Great keyboard! I love how the keys are raised ...
I loved it!
Great
Bought two, had to return one that had been opened. But a really nice Keyboard.
Plays like a piano
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Did not work as anticipated.
Five Stars
Five Stars
it works great! Logitech Bluetooth Multi device
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Bluetooth keyboard!
AMAZING!
It's great.
easy to operate
Type on all devices
Great Product
It is not expensive but not good too
Happy to have it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great quality
it works great he loves it
It's not that great.
love it
Five Stars
use it on up to three devices
Four Stars
Great keyboard for an office environment.  Not really a portable mobile keyboard
Sticky keys
Great Keyboard
Lousy Bluetooth
The best
Battery cover
Five Stars
I am extremely happy with this product
Super convenient
Love it
Quality Keyboard from Logitech
Good, portable keyboard..
Buying it again, but...
UNREAL BATTERY LIFE
Excellent
Not durable at all.
very good keyboard, strongly recommend
Wireless keyboard
Love this Keyboard
Two Stars
It's easy to connect to the tablets or phone
Big. Nice. Responsive.
Good bluetooth keyboard for smartphones and tablets. The new Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is too thin for this keyboard and falls out.
One of the best all in one solutions for CPU cooling, AM4 compatible out of the BOX!
Very efficient CPU cooler! BUY IT!
Tough to install in a system that's already been built but worth it.
Cheap aluminum, incorrect height listed.
Well built, but doesn't fit all motherboards
Great Product!
Good heatsink, wish I had the nuts to use metal mounts, corsair makes better LED fans.
Big, quiet and easy to install on old Socket AM2+/AM3
WORTH IT!
Installation is a pain, seems to be adequate cooling.
Deepcool RGB gammax 5 stars!
Excellent Cooler and a Fantastic Value
Works well, RGB is great, but mounts on slightly crooked.
Temps were awful
26c Drop in CPU temps & Massive drop in system noise. Money well spent!!
Amazing looks and performance but difficult to set up
Good entry level cooler
Great for AMD 2700x
Definitely recommend it, and some additonal RF120 fans!
Intel users beware: Push pins are fragile
Cooled my I7 920 by 65 degrees c.
Wow!
I love this!!!
Great cooler for the money!
Cheap but work perfectly core cooling
Incomplete parts for an AM4 board.  Do not buy unless you have the plastic mounting brackets for the cooler.
Worth the money.
Nice and Easy Install
am4 users beware!
Very quiet with easy install, but...
Efficient little beast
I really love the logo on the top
Buy it!
I don't see the point of liquid cooling when you have quality air coolers like this.
Five Stars
Brackets were missing, Couldn't install
Great cooler for Ryzen 2200g, 2400g or 4.5 GHz and below
Deeply Cool
Only light pressure solution for attaching prefer high pressure.
This fan is so quiet!
Good price/performance
Picture Me Fanning My Computer With a Newspaper And Blowing On it At The Same Time
Not bad , I like the color ^^
Works with ASUS Aura Sync, quiet, cool
Love it. Colors are fantastic with my motherboard's Aura ...
Excellent cooling fan
Great Fan, Underrated, Great Price
Mounted to a Ryzen 2600X
Cool (on two levels) and silent. Good buy.
Easy to Install, Beautiful RGB, Generally Quiet
Works great. Using this with an AMD Ryzen 1600
Used to replace Wraith Stealth for 2400G. Easy mounting on AM4 board, temps dropped 25-30c across the board. Worth
EXCELLENT bang for buck
Editors choice award by Toms Hardware; excellent CPU cooler and the least expensive to boot.
it is working great. Looks great and does the job
PHENOMENAL COSMIC POWER!
Fantastic!
cool cooler - (GAMMAXX GT)
Really keeps it cool
Quiet, one of two came slightly bent.
Quite and beautiful
Excellent cooler! I originally used the cooler that came ...
Crushed copper heads, big size, but does the job.
Excellent item. reduced idle and stress testing temperatures by ...
Great product hard to install on amd chips
Beautiful addition to my Motherboard
Colder than kraken
Looks Great
NEEDS BETTER PERFORMANCE, LOOKS AMAZING THO!
Works Great
Hands down beat my expectations
Nice cooler for Ryzen 5
Just buy it...
Beautiful, silent. But doesn't cool enough
Good cooler, same performance as Evo 212 or Hyper T3.
Good cooler for the money
Looks Amazing; but is very bright.
Chilled CPU
Good fan but no instructions included.
Great cooler, easy to install, very effective
Push Pull Configuration
Looks great, runs well.
Great Improvement Over The Stock Fan
Very good product
Unsatisfied
Cool for a reason.
Five Stars
Beautiful, Cool
Great bang for the buck.
Looks and sounds great
Great priced cooler fan
Dont loose your original equipment
Decent RGB air cooler
For the AMD 3_ Socket, use slightly less compound ...
Great CPU Cooler for the price
Slightly difficult to install, satisfactory otherwise
Keeps the temperatures pretty good, not the most amazing cooler out there
It is pretty big barely fit in my Meshify C
Good Value, amazing looks
Far superior to my last cooler the Corsair H5SF
Amazing Air Cooled Performance
Beautiful and keeps things cool!
Five Stars
Goes good with the deepcool tesseract and other blue fans
Works great, only negative was one of the small metal ...
LGA1366 Heatsink
Replaced a failing cooler that was letting the CPU hit ...
Hey must have upgrade over stock cooler!
Excellent.
good for the $$
Five Stars
Great product
Makes a nice addition to my case
Great!
Impressive performance
Excellent Non-Liquid Cooling Solution.
Easy
Works
Excellent Fan = Easy to Install
Great budget CPU cooler
Good buy
This is a good product
Very Good Product
CPU temp at 35c
So far so good. No complaints
comes with silicon grease
DOPE RGB CPU COOLER from ASUS
Works fine
Bent heat pipes cause sag
lights look nice. Worth the purchase if waiting to eventually upgrade ...
You don't need an expensive CPU cooler, this does the trick.
Refused to fit.
A fantastic, fairly quiet, effective cooler.
Good Cooler
It does what it's supposed to, but I wouldn't ...
Great heat sink/fan
5 stars
Not good
Perfect fit.
Looks great on a RGB setup
Love it
More Better
Best Cooler on the market
Not good for AMD
Four Stars
Not the best value
OK. .DID NOT COOL WELL
LIGHTS NOT WORKING
Five Stars
Missing parts
Recomending a great product
Awsome Will Order Again
Five Stars
Amazing
Kept Ryzen 1700 Cool
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect, Performance, beautiful White!
Can't be used due to missing parts - common problem
Five Stars
Must have!
Five Stars
If it won?t mount the mounts are adjustable
Amazing CPU cooler
so far so good
Five Stars
Great
Terrible design
Five Stars
Good - But a hassle.
Installed easily.
... processor far cooler than the stock cooler and looks amazing in my case
Two Stars
Great customer service!
Awesome and Easy
It looks like it would be easier to install on an amd ...
Good product so far
Five Stars
Fits view 27 by thermaltake
Five Stars
Fair priced quality fan. Bad software.
It looks fantastic in the case.
Good budget cooler
Five Stars
Good product
I dig this thing
Buen env?o y rapido
Worth the price
Bad
Cheap mount
Save your money!
Silent and cool.
Four Stars
Works Great!
Great Temps !
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it.
Does the job with 3 mm less height than a Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO.
Solid Cooler
Good
Cooled pretty well but a little bulky
Five Stars
... as some more expensive ones and looks just as good too!
Five Stars
Good product, arrived with no issues
Poorly manufactured or engineered.
Great price and strong cooling fan for cpu
Great cooler!!
but once I did it's done an excellent job of keeping CPU
Five Stars
The installing can be a lil tricky but you?ll get it
Awesome purchase
Five Stars
10-Jul
Four Stars
Kool
Easy to install and came with thermal paste
Five Stars
Great fan, easy install
Fast!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Syncs right up. Plug and play. No bs.
Five Stars
Stunningly Beautiful.
Best cooler for the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gammaxx 400WH
Five Stars
I've been using this a while now and it's awesome. Keeps my system mid 30's c at idle ...
CPU Cooler Heatsink.
Five Stars
Five Stars
FAULTY PRODUCT
Deep Cool and Quiet
Literally the worst investment of my life
Wouldn't fit in my case
Do not buy for Ryzen.
Uncool name but real cool cpu cooler
This cooler is awesome!
Useless.
All you'll need
Fan works great!! (it is big though)
Super quite and Love the color
A good, inexpensive cooler for dual-socket motherboards
Fragile Plastic mounting Mechanism
Do not buy
Best Stock Cooler for Cheap
junk
25 degrees lower average compared to stock fan
Great price and performance
Excellent Low-Cost Option for Overclocked 8700K
Great performance and looks
A monster heatsink for a Monster CPU
Broke within warranty; very poor customer support from the manufacturer.
Extremely difficult installation, possibly due to manufacturing error
Impractical for ASUS ROG Zenith Extreme Motherboard
A major step backwards
Never got to try it... shitty mount
it is am4 compatible
Expected More, But Good
only looks good
Much better version of the 212 Plus!
One of the most important investments I've ever made for my Threadripper system
212 LED is not quite the same as the 212 EVO.
It's Big, but worth it.
This would be five stars except for the fan...
Great size, great cooling, great price but the LEDs lifespan seems a bit short, maybe mine were defective.
Bigger than I thought but still pretty quiet
Very Noisy
I get my case window back.
Loud and Insufficient Cooling for AMD Ryzen 2700k
I was surprised by the peak performance of 62 ? C in Ryzen 5 1500X
It Just fits over the top of my G.Skill RGB Z ram!
I had one of these wreck two motherboards because it has a serious flaw in the mounting system
The holy grail of heatsinks.
Dissapointing
Their support is attrocious!
Stays Cool, Looks Cool, Runs Smooth & Quiet
Hotter and louder than my Hyper 212 for twice the price.
Incredible heatsink, questionable fan.
The worse mounting system I've ever seen on a CPU in my entire life
Good cooler but rattles obnoxiously
A lot better than stock cooler. Supports moderate overclocking.
CM Hyper 212 EVO Review ? Excellent Cooling, but assembly difficulties
Keeps cool but had to apply too much pressure to meet mounting pins.
This revision of the Hyper 212 is definitely an upgrade. Well worth the money.
Read for answers to the various 1-star response issues
Comes with Thermal Paste
MA410P: Instructions were terrible. LEDs didn't work. But, keeps my PC cool so there's that.
Tall cooler but very pretty
Much better temps with the Ryzen 5 2600 compared to the stock cooler (Wraith Stealth)
Best option at this time
One Star Off for lousy instructions
Cool, quiet, (relatively) easy to install.
Instructions suck!!
Finally, a nice looking Cooler Master heatsink!
BEST option from water cooling!!!
4 Heat Pipes Worked great on my Intel LGA 1150 / H3 Socket
Ordered 2 units. 1st failed, both obnoxiously noisy.
Excellent Cooling, But It Wiggles...
DOES NOT FIT AM4 EVEN WITH "UPDATED" VERISON
Shifts on cpu during install. Be careful not to misalign.
Beast of a CPU Cooler
Not that easy to install
Terrible Alignment Makes for Impossible Install + Injury
Huge difference from stock heat sink / fan
The Tried and True Air Cooler
Was missing brackets need to mount to the board
Works great, if you can install it - the internet is your friend
REVIEW FOR THE GEMENII M4
Awesome cooler...if you know what you're doing.
makeair overhears
Good cooler, maybe too large to fit in a case
Worked better than water cooling for me
Cooled my Phenom down
Super pleased with this beast
Great CPU Cooler
A lot of cooler at a great price
HEADS UP! DONT GET THE AM4 BRACKET... IT IS ALREADY INCLUDED.
Stop with the memory issue clearance  and read and research.  Great cooler.
RGB Won't Work, Poor Support
Silent and efficient
Happy with the purchase
More Quiet During Game Time
Best PRICE to PERFORMANCE and killer LOOKS to boot
Hard Install
Be very aware of your clearance heights and the motherboard headers
Worth more than its price. New installers BE CAREFUL.
Test the fan BEFORE you install everything else!!
Good once installed.
The Fan Rattles and is greasy after install.
Fan broke after the tedious installation.
Great look and cooling, might want to replace fan.
Frustrating Installation. Good preformance.
Works well, but...
Cools my 1950X with slight OC to 3825! Tip on tightening screws at end of review.
Not recommended
Better than Stock, maybe just as good as liquid cooling.
Some RAM clearance issues but great cooler.
A good cooler, with drawbacks
Looks great but lacking good instructions
Screws made of recycled tin cans
Literally just a 212 EVO with an RGB Fan
12 Degrees C. at idle. Love it!
Outstanding Upgrade to Stock Cooler
i love this thing
CPU still gets hot.
Its hard to install and will require you to take the motherboard out
Does the job and doesn't sound like a Jumbo Jet trying to take off.
Punching above weight
Heat pipes have moved from the non-LED version
Great for i5-4690k
Calms my AMD A10-5800k down :)
Awesome cooler, Good value, Looks good too
So far, so good...
Legit works
Cheated By Cooler Master
This is a great cooler, good performance and nice looking
Must double check which screw goes where or it won't snap in properly on CPU
It's pretty that's about it.
Good cooler, garbage fan
I would recommend this cooler
Cools 8700K with 30% OC without a problem
WORKS GREAT!!
Big improvement over the stock heatsink and fan
decent
Great budget fan. Mounting bracket needs some work.
Looks amazing/decent thermals/needs revision
Bought one, bought another for the fan.
Difficult Installation
Long Live Your CPU
Works great on my i5 3570k
Tried and True
It works
Check your cases dimensions before buying!
Replaced a failing AIO water cooler (Hyper 212 Black Edition CPU Air Cooler)
No  brainer buy for $40...
Needs work
Great CPU cooler for the i7 3770k (with modifications)
Came with very minor bends in the cooling fins and very susceptible to bending even while being very gentle.
Some Assembly Tips Necessary
Huge cooling ability, fits in Antec 900 case
... this thing installed and what a huge difference a good fan makes on a CPU
Perfect solution for a noisy stock cooler!
and for the superior heat distribution this offers it's worth the effort
MASSIVE, but very effective CPU cooler
Exceptional quality cooler, though could use better installation instructions.
the installation was pretty straightforward and clear
I bought it looking at past history of good reviews and... I made the right decision
Love it, and here's some data
Way better than stock, but not perfect
Good air cooler for the price.
Just buy one.  Beats AMD stock cooler by a landslide.
GREAT cooler master cpu cool the BEST for full tower cases not so much with mid tower cases
This Air cooler is great value!  Very functional for stock 2950x Threadripper
95C stock down to 50-60C when maxxing the CPU. I highly Recommend this cpu cooler!
It is what it is
Looks great, works okay.
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO on intel setup
Mediocre cooling and makes a loud rattle/buzz
Not a happy camper
HUGE 15 degrees+ celcius difference in CPU cooling
Perfectly overkill
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO RR-212E-20PK-R2.
Top coolers for the budget minded.
Quiet & works well
Incredible cooling, even better price
Good reliable cooler for basic/mid builds
Works well when fan isn't rattling
It's ok since price is cheap.
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO on a GIGABYTE GA-Z170X-UD5 (rev. 1.0) Motherboard (And Probably Others)
Huge Improvement over Stock Cooler
My heavy load temps are just fine, running Prime95 (make sure to use vers 26
Quality Cooling at a budget price
Does not fit 1151 board
Lost a star because I didn't have a long enough screw driver for install
Great cooler, easy install (if you read)
The cooler looks and works great, once you figure out how to install the system
GREAT Performance. Solid bang for your buck here.
Not sized as advertized
Don't buy LED version for AM4
pretty good RPM fan with pretty good air transfer
New version ships with AM4 compatible bracket in the box (at least mine did)!
Instructions are nearly indecipherable for beginners so I will tell ...
Works Great and Looks Goooooooood!
9.5/10 Great cooler. Keeps my MSI AMD Gaming rig below 45 Celsius under heavy gaming load on my processor.
Does as advertised
Excellent air cooler
Great so far!
This thing is massive!
Good cooler - excellent cooler for the price.
Cool Cooler
but once you have them on they are fairly sturdy. The cooler is also tall enough to clear ...
It's Cooler Master, this is what they do.
Great Sink/Fan for an Upper Mid-range Gaming Computer
None of those options I do like. I'll deal with it when my other 2 ...
The First Choice For Aftermarket CPU Cooler
Strongly recommend
Quietest CPU cooler I?ve owned!
Saved my CPU
Good fan and heat sink.
You Cannot Go Wrong With This Cooling System!  Fantastic!
Excellent cooler
Works great, great price...but awkward.
Yikes
Amazing cooling for being air only
Brought my 95tdp i7-870 from 75c (on a stock cooler) to an awesome 59c(While gaming in MAX)
Decent Temps and Nice RGB.
I love the design
Poor machining, decent performance, but good performance.
Great CPU Cooler
Has One Small Problem Not It's Own...
Aftermarket cooler that's worth your time and easy on your wallet.
Massive, but does the job.
It will be used on all of my computers from now on.
Looks great, functions well
Like many other inexperienced builders I constantly worried I was ...
Great cooler but terrible directions for installation.
Cooler Master GeminII M4 - Got this to help cool an older i7 4770 on an Intel DH87 mobo ...
Great product! Works great for me! However...
Wanted to like this cooler, Faulty RGB, no support
Measure your case this is huge! But great!
Overclocking AMD 6300
Really Like- Looks Great - Quiet Too
Good quality, little expensive, not easy to install
Absolutely Fantastic
I'd stay away from this one
Mostly Positive Feelings
Massive well built cooler. Came with parts broken and getting replacements from CM is slow.
Fantastic Air Cooler, Especially for the Price
Buy it now!
This beast can handle anything and I mean anything...
CoolerMaster has one genius product on their hands here that has lasted a long time!
Anything more is pure luxury
Great cooler, but very tall. Needs a tall, narrow screwdriver.
Good product, poor instructions, installation not without glitches.
Probably the best cpu cooler for the money, if you have the room for it.
Much better than liquid, if you have the room. Easy install.
For experienced builders
My eyes!!!
The best inexpensive air cooler out there IF you have the space
Pretty but...
Great cooler but BEWARE during installation!
9.5/10 would heatsink again.
Works, but wish is was a little quieter
Worth Every Penny.
Unbelievable impressed
Had to move things around but a good experience anyway.
It was huge... becareful cannot fit your computer
~~Instructions could've been better, overall a good product~~
MA610P RGB
What a BEAST!
Good cooler.  Terrible instructions.
Helped to solve ITX overheating problem
It fits!
Great bang for the buck performance!
Has more spaces to build up dust than you'd imagine
Lowered the temps of my Ryzen 5 2600X by almost 20 degrees C
Very nice air-cooler - it works!
Works great, but nor compatible with all 140mm fans BEWARE.
Pricey but great performance and awesome RGB Lighting although really tall.
Works great. Everything included. All you need is a long shank phlips head screwdriver
Cool Cooler, Cool Price!
Adequate cooling for low profile case
This fan WILL keep your CPU cool and it is fairly quiet
Awsome Air Cooler
my new one from about 6 months ago and my prior one from 2018 new build has the red led old one that still works fine was just a normal fan you do have to ...
Not bad, especially for the price!
Very good CPU cooler for the money
Paired with a FX-6300.
One of the best air coolers out there.
Best Bang for the Buck.  Does a good job on i7 4790k (not over clocked)
Can't beat the value.  Cools well.  Relatively large--think ahead for case and mobo.
Great cooler, but fan problems have been noted
Very well built, very heavy duty, near silent
The best bang for your buck cooler, period.*
Great for i7 4970k
Good Cooler, Bad Instructions
Cool Cooler
Big and Bulky, But Does the Job Beautifully.
Works great, keeps my temps around approximately 50C under load ...
Best cooling performance for the price!
The good side, this is an awesome CPU cooler
Hot Garbage
Cooler Master continues to hold the budget air cooling crown!!!
It works but... the installation...
LARGE-quiet-cool temps. Install was OK.
Satisfied
Attractive Air CPU Coooler !
... in my low cost computer builds and they were great for full sized desktop systems but for a HTPC ...
Decent little cooler
Looks great but terrible performance
Cheap and works well
Great cooling - Absolutely TERRIBLE Installation Directions
The Best on Air
Great CPU cooler for LGA 1366 (Socket B)
Best CPU Air Cooling Solution
Good Quality - But big!
TUF Brand that does not fully work with TUF Mobo X299 Mk II
The 4 pipe Hyper 212 EVO barely fit on my ...
Vague Instructions ~ Great Cooler!
Cool Runnings
Dramatic temperature improvement; very large
this is a good investment, would buy again
Lube up.
Amazing heatsink, frustrating mount
no problems at all
And I'm happy. 4 stars because they obviously make better stuff
Good cooler, takes time to install but works great.
Fortunately it fits just barely in my Sentey Gaming case
Fantastic Cooler!
Not silent, but better. Efficient!
Difficult to install but worth it.
High performance with awesome aesthetics!
Great heatsink, terrible mounting procedure.
The cooler is a good one but what a son of a crap to install on your own
Maybe I got a faulty fan?
Amazing Temps!
1Ghz overclock without overheating) and it looks great on top of it
Nice cooler
I was amazed at how well it reduced my temperatures
Cools like a champ!
212 on an AM3+
) modern motherboard sockets - Fan is pretty quiet - Comes with a second set of mounts ...
Great Cooling Heatsink, follow the Directions carefully for installation
Great!
212 EVO--Great, 101--Don't bother.
Cheap, but it'll do for now.
Great cooler good price
WEW LADS
Great cooling for the price.
Way Cool! Best bang for the buck.
Hard to install
Decreased my Rainbow 6 Siege Load Temps by ~10 Degrees C.
Great cooler, but very large. A little fragile. Fantastic overall especially considering the price.
Avoid this
Only water cooling can beat this air cooler
A beast of a cooler for my beast of a computer
the best value for air coolers currently
It's good, but with reservations
Seems to be a good replacement cooler. Adequate for my needs.
Instructions felt a little vague, but once you get it on it's worth it
Look No Further!
Works great with AMD 8-core CPUs
Great cooling solution
Satisfied customer
This thing is huge
Excellent, especially for the price.
Installation is pretty easy, I was building a micro atx LGA1366 ...
It's got the wiggles.
Works Really Well
Awesome deal
Looks amazing, and decent thermals!
Perfect for FX-8350
Great but..
Awesome!!
Great cooler for my LGA 775 socket. Low fan noise. Ok install. Quality parts. Includes mounts for optional 2nd fan.
Newbie thinks it's solid, but a little tricky to install
It Works.
Buyer beware.
I will forever recommend the hypo evo 212 as a low/medium range air ...
Really works, but mounting to CPU was overly difficult
its cool!
Good quality and performance at a very reasonable price
Excellent cooler. I see why it's so popular
Runs really cool and really quiet
CPU at 100% load is below 70c
Fan was really nice too coz it was bi-directional--one points to the processor ...
Keeps my Intel Core i7-6700K 8M Skylake running cool. Easy to install looks good
Outstanding HEATSINK
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with...
Good low profile cooler, wish it had a higher max RPM
Awesome
Very impressed with this Cooler
Unless you are Pushing the CPU buy this over the Noctua.
Cools an overclocked i7-7700K very nicely - do note that its HUGE
Awesome cooler
Great coolong fan!!
my stock CPU cooler sounded like a jet engine
Great stuff but try to get this under $20
beast of a cooler considering the price
Super loud - Cheap & cool
Reviews are true, Cooler Master at its best!
Installation is an improvement over OEM air coolers
I was super excited about buying this
Awesome CPU! BUT WITH A WARNING!!
GREAT option for the money, beats some water cooling
Without a Doubt, Best Value CPU Cooler
... since installing it but I did think it would cool it just a little more considering its massive size
Don't know why I waited!
Working great on my Ryzen 1700x
Keeps my amd processor cool under heavy loads
Good inexpensive solution over a Stock cooler...with some challenges.
The best, most effective, cheapest fan/heatsink combo i've ever seen.
Does not actually fit "universally"
An excellent cooler at any price, but an outstanding value at its MSRP - even for Haswell!
Works well but instructions are horrible.
Works Great
It keeps my temps below 70* C without sounding like a jet engine taking off
Can't imagine a reason for purchasing any other cooler
Good quality and sturdy
Works on 1151 cpu's.
5 Hour Installation By Myself And No Progress!
sharp learning curve, great product, fully assemble then dismount to add thermo paste
Excellent CPU Cooler
Good Product; Use Caution While Installing
This thing is huge!
Best CPU Cooler
excellent for push/pull config
Cool and Quiet
Great Coolmaster Cooler
At least a 2 man job to install
Huge!
Keeps an overclocked Ryzen 3 2200G at 3.9GHz cool.
Large, but highly effective cooler. Great value!
A little difficult to install, but worth it
Works worse than a stock cooler
Installation was tedious. I had to remove the existing two top ...
Not silent, but not a pain to install, keeps my processor nice and cool
Excellent cooler, great design, easy install!
Great cooler for the price!
It keeps the Kaby Lake i7-7700K surprisingly cool!
Good for a low-profile CPU cooler!
A must for overclock
Lowered my Ryzen 5 1600 temps with overclock
High-performance Large Heat Pipe CPU Cooler
Awesome cooler, does the job very well.
I know someone is saying they're supposed to be like that. Unfortunately the tread prevents you from having ...
Don't purchase, will die after about a year.
tight fit, but it works great
Amazing Cooling. Silent, but HUGE! Measure first.
A Quiet and effective CPU cooler.
Installed without a hitch on an AMD Ryzen 5 2600 (AM4)
Works super well, installation CAN be tricky.
Works Great But Harder to Install Than I Expected
10 degrees cooler
Fantastic quality, just be aware it doesn't fit all computer cases.
Loose mount on LGA 1150 (Hack to fix)
Works Great!
Works great, super quiet and came with thermale grease!
Dropped temps 5-8 C. Compared to stock CPU noise this is Ninja Quiet.
Great product
Save your Money go with a Air Cooler
Discreet and powerful
Defective LED Cable
Went from an H100i
Not secure on processor.
Great valued heatsink, save for the bad fan
4 stars for a minor issue I had with it. 5 stars for performance.
VERY quiet. Works very nicely.
The only stressful part was where the stock fan for the 8350 I have which is a smaller 4 pipe air cooler was baked onto the CPU
What a difference! Well worth the cost and time to install
This is cool, Real Cool!
dropped 20C off my CPU temp
Fan is super silent!
Technically it can work, but...
But it works great as a cooling fan
Purchased only a few weeks ago & fan now grinds
How big is the 212 EVO?  Have you ever seen a wind farm?
... Cooler Master Hyper 212 works well and is an excellent CPU cooler for first time computer builders
Major Temp Drops with Quiet Operation
Quiet, good value
Cumbersome installation, beautiful, mid-range performance.
Cools nicely Annoying installation
Solid Fan, A Must Buy for Overclocking
Great non-water CPU cooler!
A great bang-for-buck cooler
It's too big for my Dell case.
Top of the line aircooling for an excellent price.
One of my top 3 go-to CPU Tower Coolers for all my builds - From a business owner and custom PC builder.
Not the easiest to install, but worth it if you have the room.
Dropped temps in half
Bang For Your Buck Cooler
It works fine but if given the choice again
Cheap and works great.
Best Budget Aftermarket Cooler
CPU heat is sunk
Investigate all sizing specs. before you buy
Quiet at last!
The one cooler with a simple enough installation
My first air cooler
You'll never use a stock CPU cooler again...
Buy this bad boy, or any other Cooler Master fan IMO, they are better than a lot of others.
It's great lowered my temps I'm happy.
It's okay
DOES NOT FIT MSI B150M Motherboard as advertised
Springs too stiff, nearly break my MB
A Well Constructed Cooler
Quiet. Check the Dimensions. Crazy Installation.
-15-20C avg over stock cooler, best price solution!!
Cool and quiet!
Awesome monster!
Silent, effective cooling
tower of power
Dropped my CPU temperatures by 20C
Not well thought out
Good fan, difficult installation, rebate is a joke
Great cooling unit! Made all the difference in my machine!
Faulty Fan
Good air cooler, quiet, and works well.
Bad nuts leave you screwed
Great cooler!
which at load is pretty nasty and I felt bad for it
What a difference!
Great product, horrible installation instructions!
Tremendous value, great product.
Excellent quiet cooling, all required parts provided including paste, and tight fit. Installation directions could be better.
Loud fan, nonexistent customer service
I highly recommend this cooler
Two jobs: Cool the CPU and be quiet. Fails #2.
Keeps an oveclocked FX series chip cool!
Solid buy. May be too big. 2-man installation recommended
Cooler Master CPU cooler
Solid 4.8 out of 5, damn X bracket was a little bit of a pain tho.
Terribly GREAT!!!!!  I mean that in a good way!!
Excellent cooler for Intel i5 3570k CPU -- superb performance/price ratio!
Big, good cooler, might make your case not close
Really helps to cool the CPU
YUUUGE!!
Looks great, cools nicely, but has weak screws.
... not up to the job of keeping my cpu cool. Installation took a few minutes because the photos ...
Quiet awesomeness.
... an i7 8700k and this cooler keeps it plenty cool. Since I would consider myself to be a ...
Highly recommend for optimal performance be sure to prepare and apply thermal compound correctly.
Good Air Cooler for most modern intel and AMD CPUs
First Time Builder
If you're thinking about using a closed loop water cooler...
Excellent cooling, difficult installation experience
Cooler Master top quality cooling at budget price
Works like a champ
Quiet and Effective, but BIG.
CoolerMaster - Hyper 212 Best air Cooling heat sink in the Game - Great Job CoolerMaster!!!!!
I recommend looking up an install guide online
The heat sink is every easy to install
Excellent performance for the price
I would recommend reading the manual first thoroughly before proceeding with installation ...
Unbeatable for the price!  Works well with an FX-8350.
Low priced compared with others - seems like they save money on QA.
Fits great on my LGA 2011 motherboard
This thing is an awesome heatsink. I was using a cheap cooler till ...
Thoroughly impressed
Awesome!! Nuff said!
CM 212
Good cooler, mounting could be easier.
Hottest temps are no less than 17C in game
Great looking RGB cooler that actually works!
Liquid cooling unnecessary now
Works exactly as well as people claim.
Terrible Rattling noise
Unable to keep an AMD 8150 cool when running at 100% load on all cores
If you need a high performance, budget cooler, and it will fit in your case, I couldn't recommend this one enough.
The best air CPU cooler in this price range.
All the hype is real
Runs Cool and quiet, Worth the Purchase, Would Buy Again.
legit one of the best coolers in the worlddd
Well worth it. -10C Improvement.
I could probably use it to cool my automobile
That's worth the money for me just so I don't have to worry about it getting into the 90s if I do something like render with it
buy one and keep it for backup in the event of AIO failure
Best Bang for your buck
Went from ~35C idle to ~20C idle!
Big beast!!
Great for HTCs
Fan designed by Cooler Master geniuses; instruction booklet designed by Mrs. Johnson's kindergarten class
Nice for HTPC... fiddly, overly complex installation
Best Bang for Your Buck
This thing is huge...
Lowered CPU temps by 40+ degrees C
Gets the job done
So I could potentially get even better performance with better thermal paste
Easy to install with everything you need.
Great price with great results
Kinda frustrating but worth it
Excellent Air Cooler!
GREAT CPU Cooler for I5 processors!
Asus M5A99FX and AMD FX-9590 works but runs hot
Don't forget to remove the sticker.
Wow! This thing keeps my system so cool, the fans hardly have to work!
but it really wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be
5-May
My build was freezing before and now its running like a dream
Dropped cpu temps by 10-20c
This could save your CPU
Effective, low cost CPU cooling upgrade
Excellent budget cpu cooling
My PC instantly went from sounding like a power generator to a low near silent wisp ...
"Zip ties will work... if you don't stand it up."
Good calling hard to install
Great value and performance
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIIIIIIFE
Excellent CPU Cooler
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO (15 degree Celsius difference)
Awesome air cooler
The fan allowed me to easily keep the processor at stock below 50c under load
Perfect for a 4.5ghz overclock
Price A+ Performance B
Super cooled Super quiet
Awesome CPU Cooler - Incredibly Worthless Installation Instructions
Best Bang for The Buck
CPU never runs hot! Install was a pain...
Keeping cool
GREAT Cooler!
Good cooler, but USE CAUTION when installing.
Big, A Bit Noisy, But It Cools
Slightly confusing installation steps, but once it's on, it's decent
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO  - Great price and product
Fairly easy to install
Amazing CPU cooler
Seems good to me
Does not cool
Quiet fan
Cools well but broke after a week
Great Fan at a Great Price
Used on an Intel i7 6700K, OverClocked with the ...
Very good product!!
Giant hunk of disappointment
Great fan, isolated issue
For the price...
Excellent performance, horrible installation procedures
good for cooling at stocking setting, not enough for overclocking
A BEAST!
Easily Worth The Money
Exactly as described
Keeps it cool
Best Price for Performance CPU Cooler on the Market
Cool that CPU Down Buddy
Excellent!
It's Just Okay For Me...
This is a very good quality heatsink for the price point
Best air cooler for the price. Fit's all boards made in the past 7 years and is quite.
Dropped over 10 degrees C from stock!
Mounting system sucks but good cooler
Great heatsink, NOT so great fan. I have to say, I am not a fan of this product!
Great cooler for Intel & AMD
Nice temperature drop
Highly recommended!!
First-time PC builder:
Nice low profile replacement cooler for I5-3570
Don't use with Asus Sabertooth Z97 Mark 2
Burr
Amazing ! The only cooler I buy besides liquid cooling.
Good performance, trickier install than some.
This Cooler was life changing!
Very nice and great decrease in temps even at 100% CPU load
Would definately recommend.
I like to game
Extraordinarily Quiet
Best Heat Sync/Fan for the Money
This cooler is great. It was next to no hassle to install ...
No screws included in the box
Dropped CPU temps by half
Difficult to install and not that effective
The fan is a waste but the Heatsink is great
Great cpu
Well built but difficult to install.
Good With Some Caveats
Best, cheap cpu I've used.
Great Cooler
Its working fine right now but this thing is too massive and ...
Brother-in-law loves it.
I like it
Great Low profile RGB CPU fan
this thing keeps my overclocked 1060 and overclocked 7600k nice and cool while being very very very quiet
Great fan for a CPU on a first PC build.
Best CPU Cooler For The Money
Great product, QC needs some help
In my opinion this is the best cooling option at this price point
Excellent
works as advertised
Large heatsink requires 6.3" depth. Fits my midtower case. 180W TDP. Very popular heat sync/fan combination.
Hyper 212 Evo Cooler
Finally, a quiet gaming PC!
The biggest downfall to its design is that the adjustable mounting bracket that holds down the cooler to the processor kinda sucks.. It does not attach to the cooler
Powerful yet quiet-- supports both Intel and AMD motherboards
Good investment
cheap and effective upgrade from stock cooler
its working
Gets the job done
Good deal but a huge pain to install
This cooler is awesome. I was on the fence between this
Fan Died in 8 months
Very Good Fan
Great Cooler for the Money
Not a bad cooler. It's doing fine in my system
This is a good cooler.
Fits AM4 out of the box. Fan was DOA - replaced by Amazon
A Perfect Heat Sink For Most Rigs
Base plate not flat
Easy to install, quiet and keeps my i7 cool.
WORTH EVERY PENNY
Keeping Cool even with a nice Overclock!
5/5 Recommend
With the 212 EVO my CPU temps dropped an astonishing 20 or so degrees Celsius idle (from avg idle temps of 50-55C to a comfortab
Stop your CPU from catching on fire
Amazing Air
The cooler isn't bad but there are better options available for the price ...
Warning if you have a Micro-ATX case!
Great for Mid-ATX and Larger Towers
Great when it fits in your case & you have all the screws
Hyper 212 EVO
Impressive
I replaced the stock fan it came with with 2 "Cooler Master Blade Master 120 - Sleeve Bearing 120mm PWM Cooling Fan" and it seem
This is a really nice piece of equipment
Very good, VERY VERY BIG
Intimidating and impressive in both size and performance.
Works well, but installation was tedious.
Excellent product!
Price/performance leader
Great upgrade over stock heat sink
Non EVO version of the CoolMaster 212
Great cooling solution, but it's huge
This is the value to performance king of cpu coolers.
FIXED MY HEAT PROBLEM
Functional.
This will give your CPU a brain freeze
I am so COOL now!
It works on Skylake Motherboard/CPU but had to use the AMD standoff
Awesome "Little" Air Cooler
Good heat sink
flimsy even after its been screwed down
Huge cooler
Great air cooler for the price
Excellent
A decent cooler for a decent price
Hard to install on AMD but keeps CPU insanely Cool
Do not rely on the RGB
One of the best air coolers, and yet one of the lowest priced
This is work so good. you don't even need a fan
Got a defective one
I spent at least 2 hours just trying to install this before having to give up
EXCELLENT air cooler
This is an excellent value!
Cheap price on a high end product
If this fits your case, you don't need anything else.
Huge difference, just one problem...
From 70?c to 40?c!
The best air cooler for the money, but you probably already heard that a million times.
A thing of beauty
Excellent heatsink for the Intel i7-4790k
Had a slight issue, but this is a great cooler with a good fan mount system :)
Helps keeps my CPU cool...
I would recommend anyone do the same before attempting to install so ...
Great cooling, a little weird to install
Too Big
Quiet + Cool = Perfect
Cool and quiet!
Best aftermarket cpu cooler there is around (air)
Best air cooler for the money by far,
Excellent CPU cooler
Great CPU cooler for Haswell (i5-4670K)
Bad bearings
Works, but instructions and set up is a mess
Amazing Cooler - But Huge!
Cool and Quiet
Works fine for my needs at the moment but DOES NOT WORK WITH RYZEN CPUS
Cool visuals
Great cooler!
yay my proc isn't over heating any more
better than no fan of course
Cool ? cpu
Big Beafy Fan
Better than the Corsair H100i AIO
As good as advertised
DOES NOT INCLUDE AM4-COMPATIBLE BRACKET!
The fan is busted.
One of the best cpu cooled I've owned.
Great temps and relatively quiet
Very nice
I'm happy with this until it's time to update my PC ...
Buy this
Big Guy, Big Cooling
Worth it at this price....but there is a caveat!
Works Like a Charm on an i7-4930k LGA2011 CPU
Pain to install, but does its job
Beautiful Little CPU Cooler & Fan
Excellent cooler with my i5-3570k
Didn't fit LGA2011 without modification
Wow, what a massive fan.  Glad i had a big case.
Unbelievable difference from stock cooling
Cool, cool, cool!
Great cooler for such a price.
Caution on Install Instructions
Bad spring loaded bracket design
Functions well, but is too big to work in any of my cases.
Rattling is unbearable
There may be better fan/heat sink combos
great cooler.  It is popular for good reason.
amazing cooler
perfect product for a perfect price!
which isn't much but better than having 60+ degrees Celsius
good cooling, cutting corners on quality
Great product
Definitely great CPU cooler and worse every penny
First time installing a non Intel CPU cooler and it was a breeze!!
Great cooler!
Incorrect parts
Back plate not insulated
Great Value, very happy with this cooler!
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO installed on AMD AM3+ on ASRock 960GM motherboard
Nice product, difficult to install
Far more difficult to install on AMD boards than described ...
With proper placement it works fantastic
20C drop from the stock fan
20 celsius degrees decreased!
Works like a charm
Solid cooler, Big, slightly frustrating to connect to mobo
Breathing new life into an old beast
Other reviews of this gave really good reviews, so it probably is a safe buy
Fanatastic Slim Cooler
Failed after 7 months
I love it. I haven't had a chance to really ...
For a budget build this cpu cooler is good. It keeps the cpu reasonably cool around 40 ...
Quiet, powerful CPU cooler
Worked for 8 months, then I had to fix it
not perfect but it works
Between okay and great
Cooler Master rocks! A must-have for an air-cooled PC gaming case!
cools
BIG...it's very tall..measure your case first!!
Cooler Master Masterair MA410M
It Fits In The N200 Case!
The best reasonably priced CPU fan around
Not much to say that you haven't read already, ...
Dropped AMD A8-3870k temps 15 degrees
Love this fan! A bit big, but so quiet and it cools the computer amazingly.
Very effective cooling, budget price
It does the job!
Kickin shins and taking initials!
... to replace a water cooling system that had gone bad on my computer
Wow!  Huge temperature difference on my i7 Hackintosh
Easy to install, works great, very quiet
I love it. The stock cooler that came with my ...
Keeps i5-4690K at 4.0 GHz at 53 degrees celsius
If it wasnt so heavy it would fly!
Solid quiet cooling. Perfect.
Impressive cooler. Well worth the money.
Do NOT get for your Supermicro X9DRI-F-O LGA2011 board. Thank me later
BEST CPU COOLER!!
Works well on over clocked older i7. Would definitely recommend!
It looks good and came with a whole lot of diffent connecters
This CPU cooler is very good and it helped to cool down my CPU temperature from 50 degree idle down to 30 degree idle
Low Price Fan
Large but SUPER QUIET!
A CPU Cooling Beast
Good cooler for the price, drops the temps, drops your blood pressure
... 212 EVO for only for $27 and this is great. Now my processor never go above 35 C ...
Great Cheap Cooler
Almost there - rattling noise from the fan.
Excellent cooling capacity for the money.
Old reliable
Amazing
Great CPU Fan
Awesome heatsink!
What a massive cooler!
Very Happy
Simple installation
Rating Not Fair For This Unit
Excellent easy to install
cool down well my AMD FX-4300 3.8 GHZ processor
Best Cooler on the market!
One of the best purchases I've ever made
Simple: this is the best thing that i ever bought in amazon
Great heatsink, but get a better fan
This CPU cooler Rocks
Nice looking but too tall
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - Overclocked
AMAZING COOLING FROM STOCK
Nice, quiet, a little difficult to install.
This is a great widely praised and used CPU cooler heatsink
HUGE!
I have a mid-tower with two 960s in SLI. ...
Pay attention to the instructions based on whether you're using an Intel or AMD chip. They have different setups.
Great for mid and low end cpus.
212 EVO, Great Cooler, huge upgrade from a TX3
Better than Stock Coolers
works great. One caveat
CPU temp was OK but the motherboard temp was running pretty high which I thought was odd
Be careful about the size.  This thing is TALL.
Easy installation, a HUGE improvement from the stock AMD ...
Works great without breaking the bank
Works well. Poor instructions.
Great cooler at a great price.
Transistor density on 14nm processors is becoming too much for this thing
Keeps everything cool and chops fingers
Good low budget choice with poor instructions
Best and cheapest CPU Cooler
Works as advertised
Fan started buzzing after less than 20,000 hours of use (rated for 40,000).
... to replace a stock fan which had started sounding like a jet engine
Good build quality, marginally better than stock cooler
Fan died in less than 1 week!
Can't beat it for the cost
Best Non-Liquid Cooler on the market!
Sometimes if it ain't broke, you can still fix it
Looks awesome, get's the job done
Works hard for the $$$
Cooler Master Hyper 212 LED CPU, Rocks!
So quiet, while keeping pc cool
That being said it's a powerhouse air cooler that will keep your CPU nice and frosty
The go to CPU Cooler for me
Great fan. Yes you need space
X99 and high profile ram friendly!
This fan is perfect for my HTPC which is a small form factor ...
Amazing Cooling
Very quiet yet fragile CPU fan
very annoying install
These are great, especially if you change the fans to skinnier ...
Terrible install process
Loved it!
Great design!
A much deserved reputation
Keeps cool even at stress-test levels
Quiet and works well
Very nice complete cooler kit.
Worth it
The best air cooler for the money
It works great, the only problem is that is was really ...
Lasted about 5 years
Great cooler, highly recommend for overclocking.
Works well with I7-7700K
Excellent, hard to mount.
They sent me a refurbished when i bought new.
Cools good, but..
good cooler
No easy installation
Always a good choice!
Put in 3 computers, works great!
Pretty solid
Imagine using a stock AMD fan
Are you kidding me?
Awesome for a air cooler
it's a great cooler. Super affordable
Very compact low profile cooler, quiet and efficient operation. Some challenges to install though.
Quiet. Very nice quality.
Problems with CPU heat have been iced
Fantastic cooler for the price
Very Nice Cooler
frosty!
Makes a loud rattling noise after 2 weeks of use
Hyper 212 EVO and T4 combined review
replacement cooler
Nice cooler, painful installation
Use it on a Core I7-6700K 4. 00 GHz ...
Works great. Instructions were not super clear
It's a great fan that is well worth the time and money
Cheap and looks pretty
Great value.
This thing is great!
The de facto standard for air cooling
Quiet but effective
my 7700k is happy and healthy
make sue you buy a Noctua NF-F12 Cooling Fan with it!!!!!!
Probably a good unit. I didn't like the little "X Brace" ...
Keeps Things Very Cool for The Intense Gamer
The standard for aftermarket coolers.
HAF 912 Case--AMD FX6100 Processor--Hyper 212 Evo Cooler
Massive Cooler that does the job!
Great Product!
though highly recommended and reviewed came with a defective fan that caused ...
Awesome. Tremendous heatsink for the money
Great cooler
Great, cost effective cooling solution. The fan, however, needs improvement.
Great cooling, less better instalation.
good price/excellent performance/clumsy install
Pretty good!
Everybody should love this as much as I do. Except Greg.
Beautiful!  Truly beautiful.
Big and awesome!!!
Very effective
This thing is huge!
Cool Cooler for the Coolest Price
Awesome, all these people are not lying to you
Very quiet and very effective cooler fan
Good Aftermarket Cooler
Great Cooler!
What a difference!
Keeps CPU cool!
Great, Just make sure you have the space
Water cooling is only for those who want to throw their money away or OC like a mother
It's big
Works great with my 4790K OC'd!!
New favorite cooler
looking like so far a max temp of 49 degrees Celsius
Bad Fan within 2 days
Installation Mistake
Works great, but its HUGE
Good product.
Good heatsink, great cooling, but big, loud, and overkill.
If you use an ASrock AB350 board this will fit great and allows the use of all RAM slots
I love this cooler
This is a sexy fan
Amazing cooler for $30!!
Awful Install Process
It's a beast for a cheap price.
It was relatively easy to put on
Slim CPU Fan/Heatsink
Works like it should, but dont hate it because its hard to install.
Not much of an improvement over stock cooler
Does not come with AM4 support and it is impossible to get the part to give it AM4 support.
Just OK
Awesome CPU Cooler
Good for a simple build or a temporary place holder
Arrived (almost) before I ordered this, was waiting for me when I got home
Fits my CM Elite 130 case!  No others have.
Great quiet low profile cooler.
Nice cooler, easy to install
I didn't actually see a huge reduction in overall temperature ...
SOOOO much cooler and quieter than stock cpu cooler.
Keeps everything nice and cold
A Warning for AMD Motherboard Owners
works fine. Seems to do its job
This thing is awesome - but use two fans if you can
Total waste of money
Awesome cooler
Excellent budget cooler
Best cpu cooler on the market
Lots of cooling, but not good for compact builds of any kind.
Great CPU Cooler, too big for a trim case though
Phenomenal product, MASSIVE fan.
Fits! Large, and Works Well on Heat pipe Cooled MB
Great little cooler for the price
A bit tough to install for a novice, but does the job perfectly
Fairly good price and works well
Way better the the original
Would recommend.
Hyper 212 EVO - 4 heat pipes.
but I got it and it has been great. I have had zero problems with it
Alright
So good and easy on the wallet!
Screws were incorrect pitch don?t buy
So much better than stock Intel cooler
AMD FX-8350 stock cooler was running 85?C while using handbrake(video ...
Cheap and effective
Cools a hot-running CPU very well
It works great for the price!
Cool, quiet, extremely effective but less-than-perfect mounting
Great price, works well, and is a great replacement for stock!
While it appears to cool fairly well
Keep your CPU cool on the cheap!
Simple, inexpensive, and quiet.
Well made, but...
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
Great CPU Cooler - Can't Beat The Price for Value
Not bad, but pretty wide.
Fit lga 1151 with ease.
Don't loosen the tension screws after install
Cooler master rocks! good cooling solution without breaking the wallet!
Great cooling for a great price
Another review for this great cooler
An air cooled CPU heatsink that rivals water cooling system
Works great
As good as $100+ fans,
Great air cooler for a great price!
Fits and flows really nice.!
so I recommend watching some installation videos
Amazing
This fan is pretty quiet. You will do to have some prior ...
Great cooler
It does exactly what I wanted it to, which is hard to find these days.
Once it is in - its good
A most buy!
Awesome Air Cooler
Works great for those that don't want to go water cooled.
Extremely easy to install
Choice of a Professional.
Saved my rig.
Awesome heat sink for the price
Highly recommended in spite of the weak installation instructions
Excellent Fan From Cooler Master
staple of my pc builds
Not bad, it really is big as pointed everywhere
Good heatsink, terrible fan
Good CPU cooler
this is a good cooler for the money, but I prefer the Gemini II S524.
sure there is better but not at this value...
Good HSF
Not bad
Astoundingly good little unit for the money
Good cooler for its price. Difficult to install.
Love the LED
Keeps my cpu nice and cool
Works good with a FX-8350, good temps
Great performance air cooler at a good price
Stock intel cooler on my Haswell 4770K was hitting 90*C+ ...
Great fan for the i7-3770
but damn it's awesome. I honestly thought it would be too heavy ...
If you don't want to go with Liquid, get this
Very economical air cooling option while still offering great performance. Just put this on an FX-8320 and ...
Great Cooler for 5960X
Fantastic!
This cooler does a great job at keeping my CPU cooler than my stock ...
Great Simple Cooler
Works great, BTW
Great cooler
And the great thing is that the Antec 302 is watercooling compatible ...
Super Quiet,  Super Cool,  Super Cheap... The best deal around for a HSF to fit your Tower!
Very Nice Cooler. Don't bother with liquid cooling.
3" Super Slim Fan
what a bargain.
Easy to install and quiet
Wouuv. This is some cooler...
Extremely Efficient Cooler
Too Tall
Puts the stock cooler to shame.
TONS better than stock!
Best CPU Cooler for your Buck!
It seems to work well.
keeps my AMD Octa-core FX-9590 4.7GHz Desktop Black ...
BIGGER than you think
Quiet and good value cooling fan
15 degree Celsius cooler at 1/3 the fan speed
Good product at reasonable price Big improvement on CPU temperatures
It is a fine cooler, which keeps my i7 6700k below 60C ...
Really, REALLY good for the price.
Best value there is for a HSF
this is a big cooler, when i got it ...
It's quiet, and it cools well
Instructions are a bit unclear as there are little to no words that go along with the images.
Great cooler for the price
I did not want to believe the hype....but now I do!
A stellar deal and awesome performance
Good air cooler for most builds.
I can stream 4k CSGO from GOTV all day with out reducing frame rates and other streaming services like Youtube, Kodi
It's huuuuuuuuge!
Great quality fan
Great cooler
Great cooler
Works good, but you won't like it
Quiet and cool
Damn good air cooler!
Five Stars
Great Heat Sink!
bought new got open box
Amazing cooling for my pc.
Low Profile makes it perfect for Media Center PCs
The cooler is cable of keeping your processor cool even during heavy load
A very large cooler that functions quite well- granted I ...
Very good and whisper quiet!
Works better than I thought it would
Can't beat the standard
I highly recommend this product
works great.
Great- slim version...
Best cooler for the money
You Don't Need Water Cooling
Does better than I expected
Huge cooling increase on my i5-3570k
BEST BUDGET COOLER
Nice cooler for any of building enthusiast
but I am satisfied with this product
Better than ICE. (Skip the Water)
Love this cooler a lot
My third Cooler Master cooler is working just as well as the others
Cool Master does it again.
So close of liquid cooling performance with a smaller price!!!
Great product, quiet cooler. Easy install.
My AMD cpu was running at about 120 Celsius and ...
Please Don't Use The One In The Intel/AMD Box
Beast of a cooler!
Excellent product. I installed this along with arctic silver ...
i7 4770k runs at a cool 32c under heavy load
I love it, I do
Great cooler - instructions hard to follow - so make ...
For 30 bucks I got more than I expected
What a great design! Kept my FX 8150 cool all these ...
Works like it should
Great for an air cooler
Fan is a tank.
Don't be a scrub cooling fans are legit!
Quiet when gaming.
Fits GA-F2A88XN-WIFI with two sticks of ram.
Won't fit 4 sticks of ram
Great cooler for 2950x
Worth it, even for non overclockers
Incredible cooling power at a low price. It's bigger ...
I would have kept this and returned the other but as others have stated the heatsink can easily slide around on top of the CPU a
It destroyed my motherboard
Great heatsink/fan for the price
The product works really well, but it was packaged with the wrong nuts!
Bulky, but quiet and effective!
Awesome cooler!
Huge heat sink
Awesome
Silent CPU cooler that leaves clearance for RAM
Best air cooling solution for the price after all these years.
and let me just say that I love this new cpu cooler
... this the other day and the quality is very nice, the heat sink is good metal and the ...
Did not work with my LGA 2011 socket
Great performance.
Not a perfect match
It felt like I needed four hands just to hold the thing ...
Best cooler for the money
Terrific CPU cooler with great performance and quite operation
So pleased with this cooler.
Very effective
This cooler is beautiful. I love to go to bed and cuddle ...
I never  really thought about overclocking but I'm so pleased with the cooling I might look into it.
Keeps 4th Gen Intel i7 4770K cool!
I Recommend the Cooler Master MA410P
It looks cool, but it is a complete and utter nightmare ...
I hate this product
Wow!
Better than water cooling!
because the instructions are not very good. However
cool!
Better than the stock fan. Good value.
CPU cooler works nicely, but after a little while they began to ...
This air cooler wasn't all that everybody is making it ...
Good product.
GREAT!
They have plenty of cooling capacity for pretty much any non-overclocked CPU and are pretty quiet
I have this on my i7 7700K not overclocked and ...
Best Value, ideal for the vast majority of setups.
amazing cooler. 30C+ cooler, 1.3ghz faster.
I can't even begin to tell you how much better this is than the stock cooler that came with ...
Good product for HTPC case
Works great but is very large
It cools the CPU great and has great airflow through the entire case to ...
G100M
Noticed immediate, drastic improvement over stock AMD cooler
Beast at cooling!
Great Budget Cooler
was more difficult to mount, i. e. ...
Best damn budget CPU cooler
It's Okay
Its amazing! and so cheap
i love this product
... Hyper Cooler about a month and it has been fantastic. It has brought the temperature of my CPU ...
Works good but installation cab be a huge annoyance
This cooler deserves its praise
great CPU cooler but fan will die
Great price to performance.
So much better than stock
best value
Best Cooling for the Money!
You need a PHD to install
Great CPU Cooler
Looks great, sits quietly
Love this new fan
Great aftermarket cooler
Not for me. maybe for you?
Effective cooler
Great product. I have these in two builds
Really like this CPU cooler
Wicked cool
For 30 bucks I can not be happier.
It looks cool. It cools well.
Smaller cases will need to be modded - think of it like a high-rise intake manifold for a hotrod
Great Cooler For The Price
Nice!
Honest review
If it fits it is great
Keeping my CPU cool
Best cooler for the money!
Worth the money
love the results
There?s really no better choice for cooling
Tried and True, best out there for the $$$
low cost and very effective, simple setup
This fan did the trick
Nothing bad to say for the price
Great Cooler but HUGE
Bought this cooler to use with a Ryzen 1600X. ...
Great
Awesome
but it does a great job cooling my AMD FX-8350
Works great! Install is a pain.
Budget price, without the budget performance
Best air cooler for the money...
Awesome, But huge.
Giant
Instructions were a bit confusing because it was mostly pictures ...
Great cooler for the money
I've used this to cool an i7-7700k and a Xeon 15-2660
Great cooler. Crap Fan.
Cold shoulder from customer service
Very Quiet and effective.
Same as the EVO, now with LEDs!
Works great.
it can very easily destroy your mobo/cpu
This was my first PC build so the installation of ...
Works, great price
Nice design, poorly made
What a big junk to fit in the trunk
Great price, Great buy, 10C Reduction in temps.
Temps have been holding nicely when overclocking so that's the best news
Big Fan of the Big Cooler
EXCELLENT cooling for the money!
Fantastic cooling at a budget price
Very nice cooler for the money
True value here. has clips to add another fan ...
but this is still a good result. Using on a 4770s (1150 i7)
or may have to removed your entire motherboard like I did
Pretty sweet little (actually quite large) heatsink
and is super quiet. On top of all of this
Great cooler, but very VERY large
Excellent and consistent performance
Super Cooling Fan Heat Dispursing Unit
Looks good and drops temp
Great item for the price, but no clear installing instructions.
Great cooling system
It's a CPU fan, it does what it needs to do.
Great Fan - But it may be too big if your case has a side fan
Best price/performance air cooler
Excellent for anything below extreme overclocks.
Performs well. Looks good.
Great cooler will get again..
Instructions unclear.. but great product
but the install on my motherboard with a AMD chip I felt like I was going to crack the board with the ...
Works great, but check your case size.
great cooler~! i like it!
Cooler Master CPU Cooling
Lowered my temps down by 30 C.
Very good, very tall cooler.
Difference is Amazing
quality
Very good fan, fairly easy to put together and RGB ...
Odd installation but awesome temps over stock
This is a big sucker
Well worth the money
Replaced the stock cooler of an AMD FX-8350
Good cooler not so hot instructions
FX-8350 and 2 Corsair SP120
The king baby. If you want air this is ...
Great for light overclocking, fan a bit noisy
Keeping it cool while running Soviet style..
Works great on FX8320e
Great cooler for my AMD cpu
Looks beast... but can't use.
Keeps the case cool as a cucumber but this thing is a beast
Calm, Cool, and Quiet.
The instructions are mostly pictures so if you are unsure what they're trying to say you mostly are going to struggle like I did
Cheap solution with big advantages.
One of the best!!
Extremely good product at a insanely low price.
Excellent Budget CPU Cooler!
When i put this bad boy on it went down to a consistent 40-50 ...
HUGE HSF
Cooler Master Hyper Evo - cpu cooler
Affordable and easy to install CPU cooler
Best CPU air cooler for the price
Works great but needs a better install booklet
Great Performance, Decent Installation
Blow me away
Such an improvement over the stock AMD fan.
rubbish
Cools great and very quiet
Worth the effort
Great CPU cooler
Love It
I think anything bigger for an overclocked AMD APU is ...
Directions are gibberish.
Good Product
This CPU cooler is the best on the market in terms of price per performance
Really great for the price!
This is simply the best bang for your buck for an aftermarket air cooled ...
I am still amazed how well this cooler works
Master of cpu coolers
Overclocked 3570k to 4.3ghz
Mounting screws are too short. You simply cannot install this thing without replacing screws yourself.
Great CPU cooler for overclocking
Exceptional value
Simple install. Great improvement. Worth every penny.
Nice and frosty.
Champ of the under $50 coolers by far
Keeps CPU nice and cool
I'm running cooler My AMD 8350 8 runs pretty hot, because I have hit my alert setting ...
Works nicely
Keeping my HTPC cool and more importantly QUIET.
but I found a better explanation on the Internet
works good for the CPU temperatures but the LED turned ON ...
It fits and works like a cooler should
Installation is very easy but take your time and do a good job
Killer Heat Sink
Excellent replacement for stock HSF
Easy to set up and install
Cooler cools great but for some reason it would not fit properly ...
Amazing Fan! Only slightly audible.
Great cpu cooler
The best air cooler available for the budget minded
30 percent temperature reduction under full load
Works great.
Awesomer cooler.. wont dissapoint
works better than some water cooling alternatives
AMD Stock Fan for FX 8350?  Buy this.  You'll be glad you did!!!
very good cooler for a very low price.
Easy install, great overclocking
Fantastic heatsink for i7s
Awesome alternative if you don't want to spend money on ...
Best budget cooler
Works great!
Not so good
Its a good product for a gaming computer
Sparks new life to OC SandyBridge
Good product, but directions are terrible.
Not particularly impressed.
Good price, good temps
10/10 would install again.
I used this to cool my roommates cpu and honestly it's almost as good ...
This is really the best option for an inexpensive cpu cooler
... with a stock heat sink then this is the best choice without going liquid
Love it!
Number 1
Great fan/hs
Great cooler, HORRIBLE mounting.
Cooled down my very hot i7-4790k
Very nice CPU heatsink
Silent, Efficient
Great performance
and it's doing a fantastic job of keeping my CPU cool
Exceeded expectations.
Best budget cooler, nothing can touch this cooler for $25.
Cheap fan motor defective right out of the box, China pride!
I like it
Nice cooling solution
IS THIS NORMALNOT FLAT Heatsink
Replace the fan and it's great.
About 15-20'C cooler than stock
Great cooler!
Can?t use all ram slots
Very good budget cooler, allows for medium overclocks
The Real Deal
Best CPU cooler I've seen
Just about perfect
Great fan, a little tall, install was not simple
Tricky installation but great fan does what its supposed to do
Great cooler for any computer, budget or otherwise.
it was what he wanted and loved the quality
I love this CPU air cooler.
Very good product, scary to work with.
Easy to install + Superior cooling power
Works like a dream
Sits nicely, although may shift if you put too much ...
A must buy!
Awesome Cooler Fits Rosewill Blackbone
It's HUGE... but does the job!
Well made and does its job!
This cooler is quite large - I recommend making sure cables near your CPU are plugged in ...
Works as well as I could hope for light overclocking ...
Great upgrade from my stock fan
Excellent product, thermal overkill if you don't overclock, which is a good thing.
Great Cooler Until It Breaks
I like that it came with a second set of brackets ...
Does what you need
Excellent Cooler - Even for an Overclocked i7-6700k!
This is the first non-stock, multi-socket cooler I have ...
Great cooler
Great Bang for your Buck Heatsink
Perfect, extremely quiet
Excellent buy.
Awesome!
Good but maybe some QA issues with bearing?
This CPU cooler is easy to install and uninstall and keeps your CPU cool
Best bang for the buck!
Great CPU Cooler for the Price
Excellent device
great cpu fan, very cheap
Good cooling capacity, but bad LED
Amazing, but Not the Install
good
More than adequate for an i7 6700 or any equivalents
This is a MONSTER cooler!
Fantastic!
Quite Salvation
difficult to install (instructions)... Works great!!! grab some arctic 4 paste too
Great Budget cooler
Awesome
Big cooler that works great
Amazing aftermarket CPU Cooler!
Amazing Cooler
Works great and had it over 1 year at this point!
It's big but good
Quality product at a reasonable price
Good Fan
105?F MAX Temps!!! Very impressed.
The low price does not reflect this card's high quality
A great cooler that's a huge hassle to install
Best Air Cooler you can buy?
Does a great job once installed
Case was open so no real flow through of cool air. Nothing left to say
Pleased
Fantastic CPU cooler
Doesn't look like it will work with mini ITX and video card
Cool
Great cooler, low temps
Value-priced step up from a stock cooler.
Cooler Master Quality to be expected!
Mounting bracket won?t fit B350 mobo.
This was tested while playing games like PUBG and other highly CPU intensive games
Works fine and looks great
Will not fit some cases
Suffers from poor design
A fantastic cooler all around
A great Cooler at a Great Price
Yes
its like 3 times the size of a stock cpu cooler
Great cooler if case size is a limiting factor
Terrible Experience
Great price, Okay install, Overall Very satisfied
Way better than the standard Intel CPU fan but check your case's internal clearance.
Keeps my processor cool. Barley fit into my mini-itx build (I have ...
Easy to install
Exellent RGB light
Works great but it's huge!
Performance for the 212 Eva is amazing. The direct contact heat pipes is genius
Great heatsink
Exceedingly happy customer
Great but as always installation is a pain
It's big, and it's awesome
I had to down cIock the damn thing just to keep it cool. At idle it sat at about 35C and ...
High profile RAM is no go
Bring temperature down 10 degrees C
BIG in COOLING and SIZE
Best value I found for CPU cooling
Mounting Was a Bitc
Warning! Requires unmounting of motherboard for install
Amazing heatsink, no issues at all
I wish all PC upgrades were this easy and cheap.
Great cooling on an overclocked 4690k!
It's nice though. It looks attractive
Awesome product, have a newer case
Doesn't fit my case
Effective, but very large.
Works great, CPU stays cool even when stressed
Excellent, even if it is the size of a small planet.
using just as a passive cooler
The stock fan is poor quality. It's mostly quiet at low speeds
Pure garbage. Instructions are terrible
Massive cooler.
Fairly easy installation, the bracket in the middle can be ...
Do recommend though if you want to stray away from liquid ...
Best bang for your buck...
Not fully compaitable with ASRock FM2A88x-ITX+ Motherboard
Does A Great Job Cooling - It Is BIG Though!
One of the best!
Great at any price, but especially now
Great CPU cooler installed currently with an i7 processor which is working great!
Excellent choice. Will keep almost All processors cool using Push-Pull fans.
No problems at all.
Price/performance leader. Solid product.
Can't beat what you get for the money
ABSOLUTELY HUGE!!
Happy customer!
Great Value and drops temps by 25 degrees, but akward to install
Great Cpu Cooler
Great for gamer hardware
Great Cooler! I'll probably buy another.
Great but watch the clearence on the top.
Good as it its reputation
Great budget cooler.
Bust Cooler out there
Great heatsink
Amazing product for the money!
Work and looks awesome!!
Wow! Just Impressive!
Works great, but be prepared for the installation process being ...
This cooler works.
Great price for a great cooler!
Very nice 40?C difference
Awesome fan!  Fans slide up to clear tall RAM.  Wish there was a way to turn off all LEDs!
The legend
Totally silent in a HTPC case
Best CPU cooler I have ever owned.
Really good fan for the price
Amazing Cooler
only just got to install it a couple of days ago and I it would seem the the fan is broken it makes a nasty rattling noise and y
Awesome tower cooler
It?s a pretty straight forward item
Quite simply the only air cooling solution you need!
Great cooler for just 30-ish dollars!
Very very quiet and cools my A6-7400K HTPC very nicely. Temps might spike to 65 C for heavy ...
Nice cooler for the money.
Great cooler - careful not to over-tighten
Designed to Cool, and cool it does
AM4 buyer beware.
Great Air Cooler. Awful instructions.
Works near perfect at cooling my computer!
Great fan but bad customer service
Runs Cool and Quiet!
Great product.
Super Tall Super Quiet Super Nice Super... Supper? Not yet.
They are hands-down the best quality heatsink for under $40 that rival the performance ...
Works Great, no problems with it as of yet usually ...
The right tool for the job
Pipes too close to RAM
Nothing better than this
An Amazing CPU cooler
it's so chill!
Good!
Awesome cooler! Instructions suck.
DO NOT BUY UNLESS INTEL
The Hype is true
Keeps my CPU nice and cool.
Solved my heat issues right away and is quite even ...
Solid fan just make sure you have the space for it!
Pain in the ass to install.
I couldn't use it on my motherboard...check your backplate before purchasing.
Fan died, but still cool.
Definitely recommend
I'm pretty sure it's my fault
Great CPU cooling solution for the price!
Great and quiet cooler
Buy this!
Very good
Quiet!! I Love it!!
keeps my processor cool. its big
This was a drastic improvement to the terrible stock cpu coolers they send with your cpu
The Best for the Price
Still running strong after 5 years
This did a fantastic job at cooling my FX-8230
Tight but Cool
Great product
Make sure you measure your case before buying
Great cooler with an easy installation process.
It?s bulky but fits well in my mid tower case
Amazing cpu cooler
This was recommended to me by a friend
Works great
Good product except for the terrible assembly
Pain to install, but well worth it. Cooled my CPU over 30 degrees C!
My computer has been shutting off within 15 of any ...
Made a few minor changes, PERFECT.
Stripped hex mount
Air cooling isn't what it used to be.... it's better!
its a great buy
Great cooler, but huge and heavy!
Big
Super great deal for $33!!!
20 C difference over stock (non-overclocked)
you will not be disappointed as it is one of the best I have ...
Product is deceptive
Very effective, but also very large.
Does not fit in Bitfenix prodigy with Asrock z77e-itx
If they provided better mounting options i would of kept it but i ...
Great replacement for a stock CPU fan.
Great Value Cooler
Five Stars
Sits crooked on LGA 1155
Check out these pipes
Install was easy and didn't have any issues with RAM clearance or ...
From low clock to fast this is indestructible.
Great cpu cooler
The size specification is correct, but only literally.  In reality, the effective clearance is 4.5mm less
Great fan for a CPU that runs hot
Great for moderate overclocking and normal use.
Install instructions a little unclear, but incredible performance!
Hyper 212 Evo
Great budget cooler with a bit of an issue with the mounting bracket
Cools well, but the and clamp came assembled wrong ...
COOL
Massive well designed heatsink
The Best Fan CPU Cooler on the Market
Exceptional aftermarket cooler
I like this.
Excellent cooler for the price, terrible customer service
1
Can't get a better cpu cooler for the $$
Not for my board.
Dropped the temperature on my AMD 8570 to a cool 57c full load
Great fan!  Works great on ASRock z97 mobo.
Great Budget CPU Cooler
Cold and quiet, best so far!
QUIET and COOL
Does the job, difficult to install.
what can I say other than this is by far the best CPU cooler for the money
Great for Slim PCs
Couldn?t be more pleased!
Big, fat, heatsink
Looks Great!!
Excellent Value. Far Better than Stock Heatsink.
Not compatible with LGA 1151 FYI (still great though)
but now that I put this bad boy in
Extremely efficient cooler.
Decent stater I guess
Too huge
Great cooler for the price, installation can be tricky
Quiet and cool
OMG AMAZING
Drastic temp reduction under load
Does what it's supposed to do - Keep the PC cool.
You already know
OK fan, cools well. However, it is ...
Great so far
CPU fan for i7 3770k
Good cooling pain in the but install.
Large and effective
Great cooler, terrible installation process
Great purchase for anyone trying to overclock or manage heat ...
Sensor cable too short
Works very well for an AMD FX 8-core. I ...
Half working
Very big, very quiet
I purchased this cooler and haven't been happier. It currently idles at 30C
using with my AMD-FX6300.. works very well! ...
... price to performance ratio OMG this thing is a sweet spot for SURE
The only thing i didn't like was the mounting hardware
Works Too Well
Cheaply made
I really like this cooler
Excellent. Beware of fingerprints!
Works great, great price. Needs seconds fan
Beast of a cooling fan
3Cs Cools CPU for Cheap
Keeps my cpu very cool!
Happy hubby
Great simple product
Works, install isn't the best
The Go-To Aftermarket Fan CPU Cooler/Heatsink
but provides great cooling ability and has the option of adding a ...
Failed after five months
Does what it should and does it well!
1GHz running at a cool 25C. It's a bit challenging to assemble but ...
Trustworthy cooling once installed.
Keeps things cool
Swap out the fan and you're good. [WARNING: SHARP]
always love cool master products
Noisy fan after only a year tore completely apart
CPU is running cooler
Good Purchase
Fantastically quiet cooler, though challenging to install.
Great cooler at a great price!
it's good to go
Incredible cooling .. tough to install
Huge heat sink, but works extremely well. Still going strong almost a year later.
Great cooler, try removing back panel
I was able to achieve much better temperatures while also minimizing noise
Quiet cooler.
Great cooler, at an even greater price!
Cool, Stable Temps!
Nice Effective Cooler
Great Heat Sink. VERY BIG, be cautious
Fairly easy install, working great.
i use 2 corsair sp fans the red led ones they work great. also with my msi mobo i have the ...
Amazing product
it will rattle like crazy. I thought it was a bad fan ...
Won't work with all memory banks populated.
Will rotate some after being mounted to MoBo, works great!!
but Amazon sent a replacement and it works perfect. Easy to install and controls my 5820K even ...
simple installation
Perfect Performance for Price
Cannot get any support from manufacturer
WOW!!!
they're the best cooler for the money without question
Really huge but really nice!
Keep it cool
Hyper RR-212E
Couldn't Be Happier
easy to install
Cools my i5-4670K at 4.5GHz with 30C idle and 65C under load
Great cooler!
My impression is that the heat pipes and fins are doing a good job of cooling already
I love it!
Fantastic cooling. 4 star because first new on had ...
Great for regular use, there's better options for pure gamers
Installation process is easy, I highly recommend that you install this on ...
second one I bought easy to install
my favorite red LED fan and CPU cooler is working great
Highly Recommended!
cheap and does a much better job in all aspects that the stock Intel heatsink/fan
quality good performance and not expensive runny an i7 7700 never ...
Not much to say
Great product will be buying more
Keeps my computer humming during intense gaming sessions
youtube this and you see its reviews
Amazing Air Cooler
Keeps it cool
Great cooler for a low price!
Prefer this over 212 Evo
Decent heatsink if you are not overclocking much
Great product. Just follow instructions to the T.
Silenced my Computer
Spectacular heatsink for an amazing price - be sure you have the space for it though
Installed this in my new computer build because the Corsair ...
Works well but not for midtower ATX cases
For the price there isn't much better
Super Cool CPU Cooler
You get what you pay for!!!
20 degrees C cooler.
Keeps my processor super chill
Had a liquid cooler and this beats it!
Hurrah
Better than an AIO!
Not enough headroom for DIMMs
Great fan!
Other then that good product for the first day
Great cooler!
Silent for low system demands
AM3+ bracket was a pain in the ass to attach ...
cooler good - instructions could be better for first time builders.
even if screwed in nice and tight
Good, but not great...
My only issue is not being able to disable the ...
Pretty Basic nothing to be wowed but gets the job ...
good cooler great for the price that has worked very ...
but nice, and quiet
Anyone is lost in space
Lovely upgrade
may be the most common used one but I would recommend the corsair line if your case matches it
Affordable, reliable, and very efficient
Check your MB back plate 1st. Are yo able to easily remove the metal thing.?
It is a beastly-looking cooler at a phenomenal price. ...
TERRIBLE INSTALLATION
Incredible heatsink
and it has performed brilliantly. Promptness of shipment
Great fins, minorly bent dins.
Amazing cooler for the price, 15?C difference vs stock cooler
So far, this has been dropping my temps dramatically ...
Does the job
While the heatsink is good, the fan has some serious QA issues.
Looks great and does it's job
Keeps my i5 Intel 3570K cool as ice
Check dimensions for case clearance.
Yes.
Great cooler, however the red LED really doesn't look ...
what are u looking for, buy Hyper 212 EVO
Love this product
Good product for the money
Good standard cooler for the price.
Best your money can buy!
Very powerful cooler
Very efficient.  Cools my CPU 30 degrees more that the original fan did.
Don't buy this heatsink...keep looking if you have 2011-v3 Socket CPU.
Great cooler but a pain to put on the motherboard
Quiet, high quality
Keeps her cool!
Worth The Price A++
Works great! I used this to replace the stock cooler ...
GREAT heat sink, but the fan sucks.
and great care was put into the shipping packaging
Might not fit in your house, let alone pc.
Great for the price
Beautiful, quiet and effective.
Dans Tech was a great short video and saved a lot of time
Not worth the extra $ for rgb when it wont work for long...
Great CPU Cooler for the Frugal type of Guy
Works great! Quiet fan
NICE
This is really amazing as it lowered my temperature by almost 10 degrees
Great and quiet CPU cooler!
This is a great heatsink and fan
Working great for me and my 125W TDP CPU
Huge.
Excellent cooler
Stay Cool
Great fan, once you finally install it...
My boyfriend loves it.
Gets the job done, hated the mounting system for years.
Works great!
This was great due to other components and cables in the case
Great value , good product.
Great CPU cooler
Right away I understood why this is so beloved. ...
The Best Air Cooler Available Very Nice
Was pretty big but still fit perfectly
Wow this cool master is amazing
Stellar Product.
Great air cooler for the price
Very silent but bulky!
A bit tough to get on, but so chilly
but I personally love how it looks in my case
Best Economical HSF on the Market
the fan only works with 4-pin input, my motherboard ...
... and according to core temp it's keeping my cpu cool even under stress
Good Budget Cooler
Product is nice when it works
Budget friendly and adequate for the job
Holy Mother of Baby Jesus !?!?!?!?!
buy it
Good for Overclocking
Really nice, super quit
Powerful!
Just sold my old computer with this in it.
Does not fit ITX
Very quiet
Great cooler, but got in the way of my side fan
Good cooler, but not worth the hassle
RGB's never did work.
Fine for budget builds, but not for performance.
Decent cooler
If you have AM4 motherboard make sure to read!
It is needlessly hard to install. Took almost 45 ...
Great CPU heat sink/cooler
This thing is awesome.
Very happy with this purchase
I love this cooler
GREAT cooling temps
Its cooling performance is great, but it is huge
Monster cooler
It's a big guy, for you it's a must buy.
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
Good value. Good product.
TOTALLY worth and great- unreal temps!
Wow.
recomended!!
This one is perfect keeping my CPU much cooler
My favorite cpu fan
but I really love this fan from what all I've heard from family ...
Sleek, quiet, and nice
but it does provide excellent temperatures. CM needs to update the mounting method ...
NOT REALLY FOR THE 8350
great CPU cooler
Four stars if you buy it for an existing system, five stars for a clean build.
Directions were bad :/
Great fan. Mind the head clearance to your case
It worked excellent. Brought my idle temps down 11c compared to ...
GREAT CPU COOLER
amazing performence and nice looks
Don?t underestimate how big it is
This thing is HUGE!
Installation is a pain. Product is awesome.
Tricky
Cool
Just works as need.
very good for the price
Just doesn't fit out of the box as advertised with ASUS x370 pro
Great.
I have a mid tower that gets poor air circulation
Quiet fan, fits 1151 skylake, works fine
Great cooler
No need for anything bigger
Performance value that's hard to beat.
Does its job, but huge!
Best cooler on the market. Exceeds expectations
It does the job its meant to do and does ...
Be sure you need a fan....
Great heat dissipator.
Lowered temps, fit well. hard as hell to put in, but worth it.
great cooler, but installation was tricky
Good and tall
The heatsink is nice and large
Works well
had to witch which side the fan was on but other wise perfect.
Great
Great for Any Low to Mid Range Build
Great Cooler!
... and now on my I5-8400 and it does an excellent job of cooling
Really cool in case
Does what it claims. Good cooler.
Great aesthetics, awesome cooling, installation could be easier.
Plug in and test your fan before you install.
Awesome product
Super quiet bang for your buck.
Quieter
great product.
Great CPU Cooler
Five Stars
Solid component, average mounting.
Best CPU Cooler for the money
Best Price/Performance Cooler!
Installed on an AMD FX-8350. 41 degrees Celsius under full load O:
Quite fan, keeps the CPU cool
Almost halved my max CPU temp.
Too big for Asus prime x299 deluxe its covers the ...
Best CPU cooler for the money by far
Best Budget Cooler Out There
Taichi - 2011-v3 worked great.  Best cooler for the money.  Look no further.
Simply the Best
I do some pretty intensive gaming and I have yet to see this ...
cool and quiet
Used this for my first build and I have no ...
Clearance issues with DIMM slots, but powerful.
with my stock cooler on my AMD fx 8350 it ...
Good price but tedious install, Take your time do it right.
A+++
Great CPU fan.
so I spent the money on a nice water coolant setup
No need for a water cooler with this baby!
COMPLICATED
Hard to install, but well worth the time.
Keeps the CPU very cool, even under high levels of stress
Awesome Fan, though installation can initially be challenging.
Good, quality, cheap CPU cooler
One of the best cooling solutions for a budget build
this will keep your CPU nice and icy
Seems Like Science Fiction
Great HeatSink for cheap.
Nice product.  Working as advertised
Helps to keep my AMD 8350 at a cool 32*C.
Must buy for custom pc builds
works good enough, but not as good as my aio ...
It works great, but this thing is BIG
Works well, could use better instructions
Lives up to its reputation
Like really really huge
Budget OC delight.....
Super quiet and amazingly cool
it lowered the temp over 30 degrees Celsius and for the price in my opinion is perfect if you plan on doing a small bit of ...
Quiet and keeps CPU temps down just as effectively as ...
WORKS WITH RYZEN 5
This has been a great pick--it works much better than the stock fan but ...
good cooler
Sturdy
great cpu cooler but unless your overclocking or looking for ...
Might be an old design but it is still very effective.
This low rating is for customer service. Was not ...
top cooler here but if u go amd you may ...
A nightmare to install, not for beginners or people with big hands
Great unit at a great price!!
Fantastic cooler!
Great Cooling Performance
I've used this cooler in every build for years. ...
Works great, low noise
Good value
awesome heatsink for the price
They said it would mount but it wouldn't mount to ...
I bought the LED version because somehow it was like $10 less than the regular one x'D PD
Works good. I had a difficult time installing
It works fine, so don't take it as a criticism
Great cooler, very pleased
Best Bang for your Buck
I really like this cooler
Great quality
Five Stars
Good fan overall.
10-Oct
Awesome product. Would certainly buy this brand again
bought another old one is scrap metal
Perfect!
Headache !
Looked Cool--Won't Fit in a NZXT S340 Case
A good cooler, but it's probably a lot bigger and ...
Great Bang for your buck
Gave me a hard time.
Horrible installation, good quality.
Great y
It's a beast
Quiet Cooler and Great Temperatures
Great Air Cooler
A quiet beast, but came with an unpolished surface and terrible instructions
No Move Overheating
Great fan, keeps cool.
Secondly after powering it on and praying that you didn't short something out have to say this cooler is amazing. Cheap
Awesome Cooler if a bit on the biggish side
Bigger Than Anticipated
Cooler Master one of the most reliable!
CPU cooler is great! Very big so make sure you measure your ...
Replace original cooler and fan and now it works like
Good enough...
Easy to install
A Great tower style cooler.
Check for fan failure after install
Cheap and Effective
Best value per dollar out there for a cooler
Does the job
PC now idles at 6 degrees thanks to this thing ...
Good cooler, but sometimes come defective
Ease of Installation....mileage may vary. :-(
Not bad for $30 if you ask me
I don't know how it compares vs. the more ...
Keeps your junk real cool like.
This product couldn't have been more highly recommended to me by a large chunk of the internet ...
but I watched a youtube video and then it was pretty simple. stopped my pc from overheating and crashing
Works well if you get all the parts
Great CPU cooler.
great fan but may block a ram slot
The CPU doesn't know what it's like to go above 30C
Nice budget tower cooler
earned its stars in my opinion.
Takes a bit of maneuvering, and READ the directions.
... first after market fan and it was not as easy to install as I had hoped
Does what it says. Keeps your processor as cool as it can be.
A sond investment
Great product, watch installation video.
Easy to install, does a great job
The fan "clicks" if you don't attach it right
very happy, was not expecting nearly a 20 deg drop ...
They made the mounting bracket too large, i assume ...
Works Great
Nice but didn't fit my MB!
5 stars yo
Instructions were so-so. I had to watch a youtube ...
I added a 2nd fan more better cooling. It was rather easy to install
Pretty wild. Time to push that OC a little ...
Super quite and efficient
1151 - Good, but not good.
Best thing ever i ever bought for my PC
Works Great
Big boi
Good purchase
Mounting was easy, and keeps my CPU (i7-4790) cool
Kind of large.
Gets the job done
Installation sucks, perfect after that though
Didn't do anything for me that the stock heatsink wasn't doing.
Does a great job cooling the CPU
Great value. Very quite.
Fan-tastic
Geat budget cpu cooler
They are selling a incomplete product, still in beta stage AVIOD!!!
This Cooler Is Awesome
Way to Loud
Better than stock!
Easy to install and cools great to boot
Good heat sink (for AMD A8-3850), bad fan
Great
i love how easy its
great product. very quite
Not bad
Best budget air cooler for the money, if you are undecided buy it.
this things is massive but it keeps my cpu nice and cool
Looks good works bad.
Meh.
Hieght cleance can be an issue for small ITX case
but so far it works great and my CPU stays very cool
Great purchase.
Pen is not worth the hassle go with amazon for returns
Great CPU cooling option
Great Product
as it would vibrate and hit the heat sink at full speed but rma on it was easy.
BEAST
Easy install, can't even hear the fan
Went from a Corsair H60 to this, and it is quieter!
Fantastic low profile cooler
Just amazing!
This cooler gives excellent performance for the price
Keeps CPU COOL
Supreme cooler for 9900k . Amazing
Works Pretty Alright
Works Great!!!
Happy Customer
Heatsink 10/10, fan, not so much.
Consider this a requirement for AMD CPU
Five Stars
Works well. Will not fit in many computer cases.
Cools well, don't order unless you have a very WIDE case
Working ok
Cool and quiet
The Recommendations all over the internet don't disappoint
Wonderful product
but it's quiet and keeps the temp in check much better than the OEM unit
Excelent product and so big
Get this if you have no clue what else to get.
AMD FX-8320 3.5GHz
Best CPU cooler I have ever bought
getting the retaining wire back in place is very tedious.
Works well
Make sure your case is big enough
Great Heat Sink
Great PSU Fan Option
I have installed 12 of these over the past few years. None better.
The best single tower cooler in existence for the money
I recommend it to you 100%
Nifty cooling fan.
I can't believe how big it is!!
Essential component for any computer system.
The best!
Affordable, Reliable, and it works with decent cooling!
Great fan
Good CPU Cooler Quality for Price
Awesome!
Great Cooler
great quality great price
but looks awesome!
you'll need something better. Get what you pay for at $30
nice affordable cooler
Nice cooler, but...
Chill
very easy to install
Best option for the money and am overclocking now with no worries.
Would have given it five stars
This cpu cooler is very good at what it is meant to do
Cooler
Great cooler for a PC build
Requires adapter bracket for AM4 CPUs
Great but big
Very quiet and very cool
Works well on with my i7 4770k and gigabyte Mobo.
Best aftermarket cpu cooler
Wonderful fan
Good not great
I cools and I mean it cools !
Awesome performance for the price point
Amazing product for the price
Chilling.
Kiss your overheating issues goodbye!
Five Stars
Works great as expected.
Not so easy and intuitive to install
Best product for the price
That aside it is definitely doing a good job at keeping my cpu cool
Value
BIG and very effective.
its cooling efficiency is excellent.
Super easy to install (follow the directions) and will support ...
Big, but cools really well.
That price for that nice
Best mid tier CPU Cooler
Highly Recommended!
Absolutely love it
Not satisfied with the cooling performance for a cooler this size
Great value cooler
Great Cooler, but stick to non-LED version
Huge
Decent. But not easy
Cool cooler
This cooler works so much better than the stock one I had for my AMD ...
Best bang for your buck
Best ever! No matter how much I stress or ...
Excellent performance for the price.
Entry Level CPU Cooler
Works so much better than my stock cooler
Excelente
Get it
Why I waited so long to upgrade from the stock ...
Great CPU Cooler, especially for the price
Works very well. This is being used on an ...
Very quiet and works like a charm.But never recieved my rebate so 4 stars.
Good cooler, but can be tricky to install.
Its better than any stock fan
Good very quit cooler for I7 4790K
Good, cool
So easy to install and it dropped my temps like crazy
Great Heatsink, buy with confidence!
Cooler Master is the master.
Too many issues
Very Cool
Needed a replacement.
Cools my CPU.
Easy to install and good cooling
Worked perfectly, easy installation, 10/10
Great cpu cooler
If you like the bells and carnaval show this will do.
Works great with my Z170 motherboard
Super cool fan, runs quiet as long as you "tune" it in your BIOS
working just fine
Great CPU cooler !
A great cooler that will easily serve the cooling purposes of most PC builders
Cooler Master makes great coolers.
For under $30 it's so good!
I absolutely love this CPU Cooler
Pretty decent
Cooler Master won't work with my HP motherboard - don't trust they will fit any branded PC
Great cooler.
This product is only good for computer hobbyist with some knowledge of working on ...
Oh my god
Great Budget Cooler
Better Than Any Stock Cooler
Very cool indeed...
Great product, works really well
Great cooler if you can make it fit
Excellent performance at a great price!
Good Value Upgrade
Five Stars
Best budget aftermarket cooler out there
A commendable air-cooling solution.
Good CPU Cooler!
Only 4 stars because the first box I ordered, ...
Solid cooler
Would recommend to anyone at this price point
works as intended
Awesome cooler
Not as great as liquid cooled (especially with so many contained systems ...
For the price this thing is amazing
Very good
AMAZING!!
Preforms great
GREAT PRICE HERE ON AMAZON AS WELL
This fan rocks keeps everything nice and cool
This works much better at cooling and are much quieter than intel's cooler ...
Still happy
Best Bang for your buck
... and it's still going strong and keeping my stuff cool. Great fan 10/10 would recommend
But my I7 is already cool enough ;)
Better than watercooling
Great cooler at a great price
Broke after plugging it in
Nice cooler, works well
Excellent cooler! I use my computer for rendering fractals ...
Happy with this
5/5 Wonderful cooler
Excellent Air CPU cooler (As long as it's positioned right of Course)
Keeps my 8350 nice and cool
Excelente
Performance - Great Installation - Not so great.
Worst instructions ever
Missing Back Plate
A1 cpu cooler and cheap
Great cooler! Recommended Buy!
Loads better than a stock cooler in both acoustics
Great cooler for the price
Works Perfectly
Keeps my CPU a full 20C cooler!
Bad mounting bracket
Everyone and their grandma uses this cooler and for good reason, it has consistently proven to be one ...
Cools the CPU nicely, but the mounting bracket was a little tricky ...
Awesome
Cool running cooler...
Easy enough to install
Five Stars
Very noisy fan
Yeah its does cool your proci like any other water cooling brands. And it looks great
server cpu in the 20s,  instructions are vague
Loud but effective
Difficult to install
Best budget air cooler
Beautiful Cooler and works like charm!
The included thermal compound is easy to apply and works well
Five Stars
review from an owner that has had these for years!
Great cooler for very cheap
Nice
It's a great cooler, but about after a month of using ...
Good buy
Works as well as a liquid cooled unit.
Quiet and 39C at 100% load Install directions worthless but found a great video online for installing as a replacement with moth
Good directions, easy to install
Nice fan; look little while to figure out how ...
Love it!
Made a huge difference
Cooling
great cooler, pretty big though.
good investment
Good
Social media was correct. This is a great CPU cooler for its price.
Five Stars
Great cooler!
So quiet, So cool, So inexpensive
Great performer and "prettified"
Beautiful cooler
Horrible instructions and damaging standoff design
One of the best budget air coolers you can get
... to replace a Zalman cooler that I was very disappointed in. Flawless
Cool (pun intended)
Build quality for the price is nice. The included fan is kinda loud but easily ...
It's got high ratings for a reason.
An absolutely solid cooler
Awesome CPU cooler
Pretty impressive to be honest.
This thing is massive!
Barely fits in the Corsair 100R
Good product especially if you compare the price.
Works, but not great
Great air cooler for budget concious users.
I found this to be an awesome product that keeps my CPU consistently running cooler than ...
work's perfect with Corsair SP-120 quite fans \ added 2 push/pull
simple good
great even for light overclocking
It was good for a year
The steps are good but dont have a written description so when i ...
HUGE FAN., huge temp reductions!
amazon keeps censoring my ratings so they need to be short
Mine kept overheating but now it runs great.
Great bang for the buck !
Looks nice
Bought two of these, works on my i7 6700k ...
Great replacement fan
Excelente
What a great performance to value ratio
Great Value !!
Sweet spot between price and performance.
Great deal. Keeps my FX6300 very cool even when ...
Go for this if you're not overclocking. And never use stock coolers.
You will need to remove mother board if you don't have access to back.
better than stock
Good cooler but a bit noisy even at 50% rpm
The fan works great. Would've been 5 stars if the instructions made ...
Excellent Product
Great Air-Cooler
Worth my investment.
Thing is huge, but good
this is an awesome cooler, and virtually silent
Does its job COMPATIBLE WITH LGA 2066
Great fan
Great cooler, but problematic fan.
Great little cooler
Does a great job!
Great product.
Good  CPU Cooler for the money
This is a must have for any one tired of ...
It's cool
Great CPU fan
Great cooler!!! i5 8400 at 25?
Great Cooler
Good product
Great cpu cooler!
Useful but cheap
Good cooler, bad product.
Size matters...
Definitely a worth-while purchase while assembling a pc.
My pc runs cooler and quieter
Works well.
It is TALL. even in my big case it ...
Very large, but good cooling and near-silent
Great product. After a couple years
Spooky
Not What I Expected
great quality best bang for buck
Great cooler for you processor
Like ice
Five Stars
great product! dropped my temps by 40-65 F
A great budget cooler
What amazed me though
Great cooler
I'm sure it works fine but not for what I bought.
Worth the extra few dollars
Exceeded my expectations.
Hard to install
Super Quiet Heat Sink!
The instructions are terrible.
I've taken this off and on switching between my stock ...
Five Stars
Fast shipping
Fantastic, I have the cooler in push-pull on my ...
Average
VERY NOISY FAN Rattling noise
Great CPU Cooler
Simple. Cheap. Does a great job.
stars given does not reflect performance
Very Large, Very Quiet, Very Awesome!
The only CPU cooler you need
Great CPU Cooler!
Great value. Great results.
Works
Good cooler!
it just would not seat correctly or fan bad, either way i returned the
There's a great youtube video on installing it
Easy installation, solid performance.
Silent and cool. However installing the card needs patience and precision
Works well, first 5-10 hrs of use it was ...
Well known brand low cost effective results, keeping my ...
I found it very difficult to install but it works terrific
good but be careful not to tighten.
Five Stars
All I needed
Great for gaming PCs
It fits, it's quiet and it cools!
Nice enough. Install really is overcomplicated
cheap and and perfect
One heck of an air cooling solution- if you have room...
Just the thing to replace the useless stock Core i5 cooler.
This cools my computer much better than my old fan and is much quieter
great
Cool and Quiet
Worked
Keeping stuff cool.
Cheap and efficient
This is a great cpu cooler for its price
read before you buy
Does its job exceedingly well.
Five Stars
FYI I ended up getting this instead and it is awesome http: //www
Nice and quiet
Buzz
Best cooler for the money
Five Stars
pretty good for small overclocking though make sure you pay ...
Cheap but effective
These MB's are all pretty standard.
It is also pretty darn quiet
The fan died after 6 months. Not complete failure ...
A little big
Universal mounts, and WAY quieter than OEM coolets
Five Stars
so far a great fan, instructions were lacking but it fits like ...
A little tough to install but gets the job done
Well renowned cooler
Great Product
Big and quiet.
Cool for Overclocking
Great addition for a CPU upgrade..
Not advertised height.
One of the best but would recommend a better fan in the future.
Great Cooler for a Budget
Love
Nice low profile for smaller cases but very effective.
Overclock
On a budget? Buy it now, right now. "Add to cart" Boom!
This works much better than stock but can't handle aggressive overclocks.
Good for the price
Great CPU cooler
Simply amazing, great temps!
as expected
Great aftermarket fan cooler
Was a pain in the ass to put in then ...
Quiet with very high cooling capacity.
Good cooler but installation could be improved.
Five Stars
Cool and quiet
Excellent price for a simple PC cooler
Good product, good quality
Like a Ninja, Quiet and Efficient
This is a nice cooler but it's is the older 212 Evo and ...
Fits in my case and and keeps the CPU cool. The only thing is it sits over one ...
Perfect and amazing cooler
Definitely keeps my CPU cool.
The cooling is good but honestly the installation is such a pain
There is a reason this unit is so popular
Amazing Cooler For a great price
Great heat sink
easy easy easy
Just awesome and VERY quiet
Five Stars
Very quiet cool
Push air, brah.
Five Stars
Great cooler, does it's job very well
good heat sink
Wow this thing is BIG
Hard to install but keeps things cool.
You won't regret it!
Fantastic!
It was going to get 5 stars but..
Seems to keep the CPU cool, but terrible install instructions
THE FAN KEEPS SEIZING!!!
Get it
it does keep the cpu cool but it is fairly big so use a measuring ...
Works great, and fairly quiet.
Bad Ass Fan
Great cooler!
Excellent value/performance
Nice Color of Cooler Master
Running at a cool 30 C while running some of my favorite games
Perfect
If you are looking for a good fan cooler then this is the best one
It moves air!
Good fan for the price
Always great.
Great Heatsink and Fan Combo!
Best bang for the buck!
fx 6300
Great product.
Not for AM4 cpus
4-year mark!
Quiet and cool
I'll never run a stock fan again
he seems happy with it
Awesome performance for cheap
Probably best bang for the budget cpu cooler out there
Great product amazing value
Worth every penny
Eh, it's okay.
Ryzen bracket not included, and not shipped free
Keeps my CPU cool and does it while remaining fairly quiet
Very effective, Great Value
Bueno
Good fan for CPU
... compared to the closest competition but it has a great look. Keeps my i74790k with Thermal Grizzly Conductonaut ...
Great cooler!
Great aftermarket cooler
I love the fan
Sleeve bearing fan makes me curl my lip a bit ...
Five Stars
My Desktop Lives Again
Getting a reputable replacement fan that works with device is not easy.
it's pretty large. I've got a mid-sized tower this only ...
Works as promised and helped combat the heat in my ...
Match to specific processor
kinda big, unruly, and I made sure to ...
Pain in the @$$ to install, but so worth it!
Seems alright
Does an excellent job!
Great cooler
Great value cooler
Five Stars
Love the rgb
Amazing temp control for OC
Nice cooler
Keeps my i5 plenty cool. But you better have a wider case this ...
Easy to install if you have a back plate opening ...
Very easy to install
Excellent cooling!
Awesome fan!!!
If you aren't planning on water cooling, this is the cpu cooler for you.
Nice and cool
Easy to install but a little too wide
it is tedious to put together
Worth the installation struggle.
Big but worth it
Among the Best
Moderately easy install. Package includes everything needed for installation to ...
God-send cooler, crappiest fan came with it.
Five Stars
Great purchase & great product.
GeminII cooler
20 degrees celcius cooler instantly!
... Evo keeps my CPU temperatures manageable and it was super cheap. I added another fan to the CPU ...
Best bang for your buck cpu cooler
Awesome and simple CPU Cooler this was a major improvement ...
Had to return too big for my case
Really good fan
Love it. It has great cooling capability for a ...
The fan is pretty quiet and I've had no issues with this product
Instruction book was helpful at putting on the fan without ...
nice and cool
Works like a breeze
Very Tall
Keeps my PC nice and cool (I don't overclock) but the copper pieces ...
The funny thing now is my temps went down an additional ...
Counterfeit Kit?
This is a great cooler!
Sturdy
LARGE COOLER SO MAKE SURE IT FITS IN YOU COMPUTER, MAGER TEMPATURE DROPS.
Nice cooler
Great for price!
Don't let the price fool you.
Five Stars
Nice! But my RGB stopped :(
It seems like a crapshoot
Good So Far
The fan is quite but so big I can't use ...
im not sure i have found a better air cpu cooler but make sure will fit
Coolermaster never lets me down
Four Stars
This thing is HUGE! With single fan on 4 ...
Five Stars
Great product
Great heatsink. Somewhat straightforward install
Works great; kind of a pain in the @ss to ...
One beast of a Cooler
Great price
Works well; used to replace a factory model. ...
This thing is huge.
Directions suck but you can find ones for amd or Intel ...
Best cpu cooler for its price
Painful installation if upgrading an AMD socket motherboard.
Does the job!
Must need for gamers or overclocking
Works much better than stock coolers
Great fan
A good purchase
Good Replacement for AMD Stock Fan
Five Stars
Recommended for all FX processors.
Best CPU cooler
Been going strong for 1 year so far
best value out there in cooling, quiet and longevity A plus
Affordable, Effective, Elegant
Five Stars
fan is very loud
Cool and quiet
for the price this is the best choice if your case can fit it
Great cooler. Used it on a build for my ...
My computer went from sounding like it was going to take off to whisper quiet!
keeps cool and is LOW PROFILE.
Highly recommend if you dont want to go watercool
Five Stars
Great product. Speedfan supported. Whisper quiet fan even at full speed. Easy to clean.
GREAT
It's huge and didn't fit in my 4U case, ...
Hard to install, worth every moment.
The quality of construction is excellent and the value is acceptable
Great cheap tower cooler
Great investment for air cooling
Five Stars
Excellent product
best bang for the buck CPU cooler
Five Stars
This is defiantly a good buy for price i have my i5 4690k OC ...
This thing is huge! It's quiet, but man ...
It does it's job
Heat Sink Compound, included.
nice and quiet, but BEWARE! Installation takes some doing
Four Stars
Best CPU cooler for the money!!
Mounting Hardware Ruined This Cooler
Great cooling at a reasonable price!
Amazing cooler for the money!
good thing I got it.
I'm a big fan
Great value and recommended for budget overclockers.
Loud Fan
Five Stars
Great bang for the buck
Massive Heat sink
Awesome cooler hindered by diifucuilt installation; new-builders beware!
Five Stars
Great heat sink, horrible fan.
No complaints. Got this then ended up updating my ...
love it
Pretty clear instructions although you tube is helpful
but it was a very big pain and I'm uneasy about using something that broke so easily on my valuable computer
Stick with tried and true.
It's really no different than other Asian mfg'd products with bad English docs
Very VERY V E R Y HARD TO INSTALL
Absolutely a great value! I work my rigs hard multi tasking ...
This is really cooler!
Terrible purchase, starts failing in short time
supper cool - not recomended if this is the first build for you... it is a nuisance
Five Stars
Good cpu cooler, exceptional price, poor manual.
Works well
Five Stars
Excellent Cooler!
but it works great keeps my CPU cool with little to no noise
but it isn't the best option.
I'm a fan.
Absolutely amazing CPU cooler
Five Stars
Good low profile at a good price.
I had to wiggle it quite a lot and apply a bit more force than I would have liked. Despite that
Good
Measure your case and pull the trigger.
Great Fan
Incredible value
Good
Make sure you have room
Awesome CPU Fan. Great price.
Best CPU cooler for the money in my opinion
A fine air cooling solution - great buy
Read instructions first (duh)
Super quiet and cools my CPU very well
The standard for a reason
and this was the most commonly recommended. Works great
bang for your buck
great cooler for the price
Better than stock.
Works great had to reinstall once because the block is free ...
Very solid
A year later, still going strong
Does the job
Five Stars
Great option for those on a budget!
cooler
Loud continuous rattling at 15 months of use
Lights went out
Dramatic reduction in CPU temps.
Amazing..
It does a good job of maintaining my 7700k cool when under Intel's ...
Best air CPU cooler out there
Great price and performance
Brings temps down
Not for overclocking but very good performer for normal gaming
Five Stars
A CPU cooler that is effective and is quiet.
Five Stars
Good Processor Cooling System
Able to cool down a Ryzen 2600 @ 4
great cooler, cant simply stress that enough
Simply amazing
Best budget cooler!
Great bang for your buck!!
Cool fan!
Looks better installed
good quality. super quiet. item as described.
Do it!
Good product terrible temps
Can't beat the price.
Great price, performance yet was very difficult to install.
It keeps my cpu cool, but when I turn it on High it ...
fits my 6300 like a glove
impressive looking and quiet but not as cool as I was hoping.
Huge!
Massive. Quiet. Cool. Options.
Nothing New
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keeping cpu cool! Fast Delivery
Great product for the price!
this cooler is great. I have an amd fx 8320 and the ...
Works fantastic
Great cpu cooler
A reason this cooler is #1
Amazing
I'm diggin it..
I like it
Five Stars
This cooler seems to be working just fine, the only problem I have is that it ...
Extremely cool temps!
Five Stars
Works, little installation problems.
From 42c stock to 30c.
Efficient and cooling the cpu plus low noise.
html ) I'm pretty happy with it so far
It works.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Price/Performance CPU cooler on the market!
If your running a stock fan, BUY THIS!!! 212 EVO
Ordered thinking my new CPU did not include one. ...
Large and perfect.
You can rotate this once it is installed...
Great cooler, a little too big for smaller mATX ...
Haven't got to install it yet but it looks beautiful! Very big compared to what I used to ...
Ice cold
Best bang for your buck.
I will buy it again for another pc
Quiet
Poor fan attachment system causes failure
One of the best heat sinks out there.
you will need another fan to get the great degree
best cooling alternative to high end cooling
Five Stars
For the price its unbeatable. Miles ahead of stock cooling options
Best after market air cooler.
Great results!
I wasn't a believer! I always went with stock ...
But it works great with a ASUS motherboard in a phantecs full tower ...
Good but complex
Works great, easy install.
Got this for my brother because his cpu was overheating ...
Good Cooler - Good Price
More FPS for free. Free is good.
Industry legend!
Five Stars
Used this to cool my AMD processor with no issues in my Micro ...
This keeps my CPU super cool! Obviously that has to do with the ...
Could you ask for more?
I actually wouldn't recommend this cooler at all
At least it fit.
Great Improvement over Stock CPU cooling unit!!!
Works great.
Yes, the instructions really are this bad!
Great bang for buck
Five Stars
I'm using this to cool my Intel G3258
Four Stars
This performs admirably, but the installation is a pain ...
Loud and I had the worst time installing it
really good but the only bad thing about it was the ...
Five Stars
it's like half an inch away from the plexiglass on my ...
One small manufacturing falt that made this product bricked
Five Stars
Didn't fit my motherboard, for some strange reason nothing ...
Good but make some noise when mounted in a hanging upsidedown direction
My i5 6500 was getting in the 70s (C) while playing Fallout 4 VR but now it stays at the low 40s instructions to use thermal paste could have been better. I over did application and spent a few ...
Not as easy to install as I'd like
Great performance for the price
Cooling worth every penny!
Great chiller!
Go get yours now!
Junk
Seems to be a solid heatsink/fan combo - I like it so far
Requires patience
Keeps the Processor cool 32C at idle and 51C at full load
Five Stars
but working great now.
Awesome and easy to install
Keeps very cool cpu
Great
Awesome CPU Cooler
Five Stars
Big fan
but it's way better than stock heatsink & fan
The only complaint for the 212 series is they're annoying to install
Great fan, but very large.
Really Quiet!
and wasn't a problem to put on besides that the backplate _kinda_ presses pretty hard against a few transistors on the backside
Excellent cooler using it with a Skylake i5
Cost effective and easy enough to use.
Horrible design, takes two to install.
keeps my fx8320 cool, easy to install but watch out on smaller ...
Wisper Quiet
Great Value
Heatink Fins Bent
Five Stars
AMD FX-6300
Ice cold!
My rig is pretty extreme, and after I removed my water cooling ...
Really good CPU cooler for cheap price.
Works well.
Amazing Product
Good, but overrated. Look into Cryorig.
Nice cooler but TALL
Incredible Value
Good.
Really awesome
I'm happy with it.
keeps my i5 cool under stress and is easy to install
Very pleased. Wish I could get a bit more out ...
Hyper 212 FTW
5 stars
Effective but big and with confusing directions.
Cooled my AMD processor much better than the water cooler that came with it
AMD FX 8350 10C Cooler on full load!
so it get pretty hot in there
Good CPU fan.
Great Product for Everybody!
This CPU cooler installed without a problem. The manual ...
This cooler ROCKS!!! HYPER 212 EVO
very nice! The accessory to rebuild it in your own ...
Five Stars
Best budget!
Five Stars
hyper master
Ok so this keeps my i7 4790k nice and cool
95 watt APU is too much for this cooler?
Great cooler for the price!
Bit tricky (still easy) installation, but worth it!!!
not bad for the price
it worked great.
Great bang for your buck!
Much quieter than the standard fans CPU's comes with, ...
Great cooler good price
Incredible performance for the price
The Cooler works great no complaints there
Wow. Much cooler. Save money.
Works as advertised!
One of the best air cpu coolers on the market.
Check socket type, check case clearence before ordering.
Great cooler
Good quality
Great price that keeps the CPU cool while being super ...
Everyone knows this is the best "bang for your buck
Works Great
Best CPU cooler ever
Great Cooler at a Great Price!
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
100% Great
Works great cant hear the fan which makes me happy
Okay
It is functional. Cools to a decent temperature. ...
Great bang for the buck heatsink
Hyper 212 Evo is definitely the best heatsink for its cost!
Great fan, great value
Does not last
still going strong
Five Stars
Very interesting product
Works great, needs better instructions.
Great Cooler
Nice cooler.  Good alternative to WC.
Great cooler, really really big
Four Stars
Five Stars
Awesome, once you get it installed!
Awesome cpu cooler but wonky mounting system.
" not only is it cooler , it is the cooler master "
Love
Fantastic cooler for overclockers
Pros, Cons, and Other Thoughts
It's Huge!
I bet it would cool the cpu awesomely if I was able to install ...
must buy!!
Great product, may be a project for two sets of hands!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not Impressed
This is an extremely good cooler i have no issues with heat how ever...
Awesome, and it works.
This has been the best cooler i have ever had
Quiet, low temps, love it!
Five Stars
Heatsink is great but the fan immediately started making noise.
Turned 66C into 35C!
Keeps my i7-7700k nice and cool though
Cools your CPU better than stock coolers
Great price for a RGB cooler.
Incredible Cooler
Quiet and Cools Well
performance and cooling excelent!
FAIL
Great CPU cooler
Great value and cold Temps
Bought this with new computer
Not my first one. I have used this model in several.
Stop and buy it. This is what you are looking for.
1 step short of water cooling
Easy to install
Amazing, been using this for years on every build ...
Clamps to tightly
great cpu cooler
Five Stars
Excellent, but a bit loud
Cools great and easy to install
Cooler arrived quickly and install went without hassle. The ...
Bought it 6 days ago with amazon prime, took ...
the computer has been pretty much silent ever since
Very nice cooling for my Intel i5 9600K
Awesome cooler. This thing is massive and keeps my ...
Looks cool
25+ minutes keeping the processor at 4.37GHz and up with over 70% usage non stop.
Five Stars
Over 3 years and still working like new
Bad Fan
This is one you have been googling for!!!
Super-quiet, easy to install
This is a fantastic deal.
Great, but BIG!
the ratings and reputaion speak for itself
*** Update for 06-07-17 ***
Great option, but tall, make sure you have a case that's at least 8 inches wide.
This keeps my system cool, have it on an and fx 6300
does not work with ASUS ROG MAXIMUS VII GENE LGA1150 ...
Annoying to install - but does what it should
best cooler for your buck!
The instructions indicate a bracket on the backside of the ...
Would buy again!
huge
Sure beats the stock fan. This is quieter and ...
Four Stars
Great fan. It was a little bit complicated to ...
Five Stars
Keeps my CPU cool. Perfect height for a mini-ITX build
It keeps the CPU at an acceptable temp and it was easy to install
Terrific Product and easy to install
My favorite cooler of all-time
Excellent product, came packaged well and as expected
Looks like a good purchase
Fairly easy installation but when seated and screws in place
It quiet
it fits!
Good for if you're on a budget for a gaming ...
Just a little disappointed.
First off, even though this is most highest rated ...
amazing fan
Excellent Bang for the buck
It biiiig
Four Stars
Is a perfect fir for what I needed
I am running a phenom II X4 955 and this cooler has worked great. My idle temps are way down and it ...
but this keeps my cpu cool enough to overclock it by an extra 1
It does its job
... times on many Intel chips and they always work great. Installed on a 6700k this time
Can't go wrong, best price/performance.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cooler than the CNPS 7500 Cu LED
Does exactly what it is supposed to do
Four Stars
Works well, quite so far
Keep cool with Cooler Master
GREAT!
Works very good ive had it about 6-7 months now still keeping ...
It's better than stock cooler
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cool temps/Silent Cooler
Kept my AMD room heater cool. Made a lot of noise though but that ...
The worst part about the installation was getting my motherboard removed ...
Built nice didnt fit interface with 1st two ram slots and exhaust fan in mid tower micro atx board
cools nicely on my AMD 6-Core
Broken bracket
Huge, but quiet
I like it.
Five Stars
It came from out of no where,  puff it was there.
holy FAN! i was very surprised at the size ...
Excellent cooling
Great budget cooler- keeps my 8350 nice and cool
Big, quiet, and cheap
Quiet and efficient
Nice and quiet - Too tall though
Worst instructions I think I have ever seen
Very durable and works great!
Very effective for the price.  A bit difficult to install
Great cooler!!
Awesome price and quiet
Great fan. I have a 6600k overclocked to 4
2 ghz and it works awesome. Keeps my temps nice and low
Great when it got here
Amazing CPU cooler
Cpu saver
Great
Better than a stock cooler, does its job well and is quiet.
Slightly difficult installation, but great performance.
Five Stars
Keeps my i5 6600 nice and cool
Five Stars
Excellent budget cooler
Keps Well Below Stock Temps
Love this Cooler.
As described and keeps my keeps my CPU nice and cool.
Nice
Great addition to my PC
Don't use this as a replacement for a motorcycle radiator
Went back to stock which for some odd reason worked x10 better.
Five Stars
That was easy, just can't be a total noob
Highly recommended
It's not the best cooler out there but price to performance- I'd say ...
Awesome
Five Stars
but it looks good now that it is installed and working
Five Stars
Not the easiest thing to install, but I did ...
A pain to install and really needs a second fan
This thing rocks! I overclocked a Pentium G3258 to ...
Best bang for the buck cooler
Best bang for the buck!
Cooler Master really works.
Cools well, but noisy.
Meh
Five Stars
Perfect!
Great for a 1950x
Cool, man, cool
what's not to like?
Installed with a i5-4590(1150) socket on an Asus H97 pro4 ...
This is a fantastic heat sink it gets the job done
Don?t make my mistake and mount your board into your case without putting on the bottom bracket.
Five Stars
Cannot recommend.
Computer kept freezing causing me to have to power off ...
No complaints
Read description
Cools my I7-7700K
It works. It's cools. It cools.
Beast of a budget air cooler, GET IT!
Crappy bracket for the weight of the Heatsinks.
Great heatsink, loud fan
Don?t use the stock fan for gaming. This is much better
If you hate the noisy stock cooler, you'll LOVE this.
Good value, quiet, good performance
Nice and Quite for the Price
Five Stars
Well Designed Product and Fast Shipping
Easy, cheap, and works.
Quiet and Cool
Geminii M4 on an FX 8350
Excellent cooler for a great price
works well in a Corsair 600T
Five Stars
Great cooler, particularly if you are building a compact HTPC
Not the greatest if you want to OC
This cooler works pretty good. However
Five Stars
I highly recommend it
The hype is real
Pretty darned quiet
Keeps things cool, but it's HUGE!
Five Stars
Great buy.
This product works a lot better than I have expected
find better at this price. I CHALLENGE YOU
This is a great cooler, i just give it a chance and ...
Great Design!
Great
Quiet but powerful fan.
Big and powerful
Truly awful experience. The only CPU cooler in 20 years I've had trouble with.
Straightforward cooling
This cooler is inexpensive and reliable. It also has ...
Keep your Intel CPU cool with air!
Five Stars
May have rated this higher but the fan is awful ...
Five Stars
It's alright for an AMD FX 8320 overclock. Hard to install on to the CPU.
Works good so far
Fantastic but Uncustomizable RGB
Five Stars
but this thing looks like it could shed some degress from the sun
The best cooler for it's price. You won't find anything better in this price range! Go for it. No 2nd thoughts.
flimsy design
had to switch my ram around to priorioty 1 and it fit fine.
Works wonderfully! and very quiet.
great fan
GOOD VALUE AND BUILD
Five Stars
but I did not want a liquid cooled computer and this was a good alternative.
Three Stars
Installation was very easy. The CPU temperature never goes high compared with ...
good bang for buck value but it's bulky and takes ...
Five Stars
Always a solid choice.
Does the job but pretty loud.
All three arrived in good condition and worked well
The Cooler Master 212 is the as good an air cooler as can be had
First time installing an aftermarket cooler. Read all the ...
Keeps CPU cool & very quiet
Big
works fine
Good product
Keeps my overclocked i3-8350k at 40c idle 75c when gaming.
Bigger than I thought but definitely dose the job had ...
its cool the cpu
I added this onto an 4th gen i7. It ...
Great performance
Could be better barely fir
Three Stars
Great price for a great cooler
excelent product
Much quieter and cools much better.
Magnificent!
Great product, amazing temps and no noise
Five Stars
good
YES YES YES!
It's OK
I've been really happy with this cooler
Five Stars
Excellent heatsink, but dubious included fan.
No AM4 support.
Its awesome.
Five Stars
Superb!
I love this cooler!
Very well worth it.
Better than stock
4.5 GHz this cooler has handled it like a boss
Five Stars
Five Stars
great bang for the buck
I am so glad I got this
Cools very well
AMAZING CPU COOLER!
Well Done!
Fits LGA1151 PERFECT
Five Stars
Good cooler for a cheap price
Cool cooling option
Great!
Great unit
212 EVO fantastic for square ILM
Great cooling but temp lighting is trash.
Great cooler
Good product.
Nice fan nice price
Excellent cooler for AMD FX 6200
Five Stars
Mine did not come with thermal paste
Five Stars
Five Stars
... rpm all the time while gaming so it is better than your stock cooler
Decent cooler.
Fannnn
Worth the little extra change
15 to 20 degree Celcius drop compared to stock AMD ...
I'm very happy, yesterday have arrived my MasterAir Maker 8
Quiet and cool.
Love it!
Five Stars
nice but damaged from factory.  lack of quality control
Highly recommend!
Great Value and Performance.
Leaves a lot of room and is raised high enough ...
Pain in the wazoo!
Keep making them. Please!
Excellent cooling job
Awesome CPU Cooler!
As Expected
Great fan for the price
Works!
Bajas temperaturas a buen precio
No more loud fan noises.
YES
... of these for my 990fx build and has worked great for 6 years and I just bought another for ...
Good for me!
You can find better...
Decent heatsink
The stock one sounded like a freaking hair drier
Best replacement for stock coolers
Under Full Load is usless.
Verry effective, low cost cooler!
Keeps my 6600k cool and quiet
This is a great product for a great price
It works like a charm so far
excellent buy, definitely helps lower the processor temperature a ...
Buzzing Loud Fan to Soft Hum
One of the best coolers i've had and a good price!
Pin issue.
One was OK, one was dead
Works great but I absolutely hated installing it
Solid cooler Bad Fan
This CPU cooler is doing a great job at keeping my CPU's temperature low while remaining ...
Its good quality .
Pleased with purchase
Excellent cooler.
Awesome product. Would have given 5 stars but it ...
Alright.
Looks solid but came used
Great buy, i recommend! Keeps processor cool.
Five Stars
A fantastic cooler at a great price!
Great just like the previous model
Quiet, reasonably priced CPU cooler
Great Budget CPU Fan
... heat sink to this beast and I've seen a great increase in performance
Good not great
so i would recommend taking the mobo out to make it easier
Fantastic!!!!
Check the descriptions on what socket it fits
Five Stars
Great! Just Beware of Installation
Five Stars
very good
Five Stars
does its job well, I added an additional fan ...
A great quiet efficient heat sink
I recommend it to anyone who wants to be a good fan cooler
Does the job!
Good buy, get extra fan
My skylake idles at 15 degrees C above ambient. ...
My i5 4460 runs below 40 Celsius, it's a ...
A little noisy but worth it!
Good for its price
Monster fan
Good quality. This is one of the most popular ...
THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS ARE LOUSY!  But it's a good heatsink fan.
Works great, looks great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome cooling.
Five Stars
Huge Fan that i CANNOT HEAR :)
What a steal!
Whats not to like? no point in writing a review
The hardest thing I've ever had to do in my ...
Five Stars
Just like a water cooled
Definitely a must buy for any CPU cooling need!
Excellent heat sink.
It keeps the CPU cool but not as much headroom for overclocking I was ...
A huge bang for your buck
Overrated cpu cooler
Very good cooler, but annoying installation.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Must have for any APU.
This thing cools as well as all the reviews say ...
Operating temperature dropped about 20 degrees
and it keeps my cpu very cool. Just be careful when you install it because ...
Four Stars
Look no further
Does its job.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
a must by for anyone who build their own computer, if not this then something better. this is bottom line, stock doesn't cut it
I've installed several of them over the past couple of years and it's my least favorite part of the build
Gave me an error message and locked up my system.
Five Stars
but the fan makes a nice case fan for now
Amazing for a small $20
Great CPU Cooler
Great looking CPU Cooler
This will work just fine for a normal user who doesn't want to overclock ...
by the instructions were garbage. Really confusing
Quiet is so nice
Great!
Easy install, best cooler for the price.
Five Stars
Five Stars
The 212 EVO is a good cooler, just a bit time consuming to install
Among The Better (if not best) Low Profile Heatsinks
Works as advertised
Literally the best CPU Cooler that has ever been made
This is decent
Amazing fan tho
Great Product
Price and performance wipes out water-cooling!
Easy does it
THIS WORKS!!!
Huge cooler, Make sure it will fit in your case
Best value for air cooling
Fantastic fan!
I love it! This fan is truly silent.
Can't be beat, but be prepared for the setup.
Five Stars
Best CPU on the market for years now
Best air cooler for the money.
Great fan 2 years later
Five Stars
Great cooler! I'll def buy again!!!
a "cool" part for any PC
Heavy duty CPU Cooler
Four Stars
Smooth and quiet fan cooler
Always a must have
Perfect for what I need.
4790k+CoolerMasterHyper212EVO = AMAZING
Works awesome, no negative issues
Ordered on 1/3/16 and got it 1/9/16 with free shipping ...
Great!
Bent
Works great
Would definitely buy again! Great cooler.
Easy enough to install
this is a very slim heatsink and worked well in ...
Perfect!
I would git it 5 stars but the size really ...
The Cooling Power of Antarctica!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice lighting but loud
Mediocre, but better than I had expected for the price.
Straight to the point - Great fan for the price, even better than some water cooled fans
Looks good. Works great.
I love my new cooler it works quite well it keeps ...
This product is misleading when it tells you what cpu socket it supports.
Temps down performance up!
Coming from a 212 plus, nothing much difference but a good performance
Five Stars
fits nicely on a AMD
Five Stars
Great CPU Cooler, very easy to install on LGA 1366
this fan cooler is amassing drop my temp from 80c ...
Five Stars
Come on really???
Five Stars
Cool.
Make sure ya case is big enough
Great cooler
I LOVE THIS HEATSINK
Great product
Five Stars
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
good aftermarket cooler with a tedious install.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Cooler For Moderate Overclocking
shipped fast and in good condition
Five Stars
Awesome cooler this is!
Drastic temp reduction compared to stock
Hands Down the best cheapiest coolest there is
Four Stars
Five Stars
Recommended
This thing is cool as heck looking but I will mark it down ...
Cold as ice
LED is better than the EVO
Installation was pretty easy too
Worth it!!
Except for water system, the best cooler I have ever used.
Five Stars
this thing is great! No regrets at all
Big cooler, very good cooling
Its a good cooler
Year and a Half Later
Easy to install fan after looking at some youtube videos ...
Quiet and responsive. Instructions a little lacking, but easy enough to install.
Nice quite fan.
HEIGHT. It matters.
wow huge difference!
beastly cooling. i subbed the stock fans with 2 ...
<3
A really good cpu cooler
Unfortunately I am unable to properly review this product. ...
Excellent product
Great cooling
Nice...
Great deal
Works
Although mfr. specifications state cooler will fit FM2 CPU ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Cooler
A great product for this price point
This is a very, VERY large cooler. Make ...
but works just like it should
Five Stars
Wow. Holy man. This thing brought my temps ...
Fantastic cooler with poor instructions
Five Stars
Great CPU cooler
2 Cool 4 Me
excellent
its really cooler!
... is my life saver whenever I do CPU-intense jobs like numerical simulation(ANSYS and Abaqus)
Three Stars
Great CPU cooler, so so instructions, use web and get better info before installing.
This is the third one of these I have bought ...
Five Stars
Would recommend at that price
Three Stars
Works great! I have an i5 6600k and it's been ...
would be great for overclocking
replced my closed loop liquid cooling with this and it ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Game changer
Cheap, effective, a little loud compared to my other fans
Five Stars
First ones a dud but amazon has sent me another and it works
Amazing little CPU cooler!
Its an amazing Cooler!
Fantastic.
Unable to fill with Corsair Vengeance RGB PRO DDR4
recommended.
Great cooling
with this and it keeps my desktop properly cool. my CPU stays at 39c
This thing works!!
The Master of Cool
Super Cool(er)
Huge cpu temp decrease.
Two Stars
Five Stars
Great Cooling for Overclocked PCs!
Amazing cooler
Kinda large but it keeps the CPU cool
it works great and keeps my desktop nice and cool and it's ...
Keeps it running cool
Four Stars
Best air cooler for the price
what a cool cooler. Keeps my i7-6700K around 35C idle and ...
Great Cooler ! Overclocked
I was happy to receive a tube of thermal paste
The BEST air cooler you can purchase
Working great. This thing is huge but it fits inside my rig.
Chill Baby
Four Stars
excelente item incluso mas grande de lo que se ve en la foto
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Perfect. Really the only cooler I'll ever need
Working good so far.
Amazing cooler
Makes lots of noise at certain RPM's
Make should u get a full tower. This cooler ...
Five Stars
Very nice
under a massive load went up to 60 once (though hasn't even come that high since) very good cooler, mostly quiet though there is
Cooler Master has failed me the fifth time.
Brilliant
Big difference
Very suitable product for cooling the processor A great product you should pay attention to the size of ...
Forget water cooling!
Works great for the price
Oh my god Best fan! Silence Temperature is about 40 degree
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quiet and cool
too big
Five Stars
Very poor condition.
Buy it already
Silent
product came perfectly and undamaged.
Good cooler. Check you case size to make sure it will fit though.
Really good cooler
heavy
(Corsair H55) Although its true that liquid cooling is far superior to basic fan
Cold and loud
Great
Pain in the butt to install but works wonders!
Awesome heatsink, awesomer price.
Best Deal out there for a Budget RIG
Five Stars
Keeps my i7 4790k nice and cool
A little tricky installing for the 1st time, definitely ...
Five Stars
This is very good cooler!
Cool!
Pump went bad in my Corsair all in one water cooling setup
Perfect fit on my LGA 2011 chipset
Best for the cost!!!
Love it.
I've ordered this product twice. Both times the screws ...
Bad support
Big but good
Keeps my 6700k cool even over clocked.
nice
Great product!
Five Stars
Hands down the best CPU cooler I have used
Functional but painful install.
It cools my CPU fine and took a while to figure out how it ...
Must for ur cpu
Great product. One of the components to my PC ...
Cheap and Effective
Want a damaged motherboard?, Buy This!
great product for the price
Four Stars
Does exactly what I expected low temps
Not That much
7/10 by itself, 10/10 with rice.
I thought it wouldn't fit because it came so close ...
Five Stars
very quiet fan, works GREAT !!
Five Stars
Brrrr....
Great bang for the Buck
Works Great!
One Star
It was a bit more voluminous than expected (was used ...
Three Stars
Excellent cooler...
Yup
Four Stars
This is an awesome cooler for the price
Satisfied purchase.
It looks really cool, it's super quiet and it's so easy to ...
Five Stars
Perfect cooler for my needs. Great price!
... only) but once I figured it out it was easy enough to work with
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good buy!!!!
Doesn't fit GA-Z87X-UD5H.
Over a year now and still no overheating even on the most demanding applications.
Works perfectly on a Core I5-6600K installed in an Asus ...
Love
Great cooler, especially for the price.
... year now and I have to say I'm really happy with the buy
Dem temps of peace!
Great fan, Pain to install
It does the thing
My new rig is whisper quiet thanks to the 212 ...
Excellent cooling, even in cases with low-speed/quiet fans Cons
Great inexpensive CPU cooler
Best air cooling option for the money.
Fantastic heatsink for the price!
Excelente enfriamiento y rapidez en el envio
Great cooler
Best CPU fan on the market.
... first time builders other wise I give 5 stars love it super
Love it! Ordered this a long deserve replacement of ...
I like it
Does a great job and is very quite I did however have ...
Cool power.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
OK, but junk fan & wobbly design.
Works great! The screws that are included with it snapped ...
Works great!
Height is 6.7 inches tall!
Next best cooler without using water
Perfect for my build!
Good Cooler for the price. Tall.
Pleased
Five Stars
Great for mid size cases
Five Stars
cricket sound
Five Stars
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler
Great cooler
Five Stars
... and really hard to put on but it works great on my 6700k
Very nice and robust cooling upgrade for a low price
Nice and cool
Five Stars
Four Stars
Worth it but know it?s large
One of the best CPU coolers ever
Quiet
Just buy it already
Five Stars
Four Stars
Super quiet.
It turns out it actually has easy installation, and helped get an additional -20F cooler
Best air-cooler results I've seen for AM3+; not necessarily the easiest install...;)
I love it.
Five Stars
Nice cooler
Three Stars
I'm very happy with the results
would NOT recommend for overclockers
Five Stars
Four Stars
it was unable to cool my fx8350
I am pleased
This fantasy good job cooling my CPUs however it is just a ...
Poor quality product.
Five Stars
40 Degree difference, bang for your buck
... bit tricky to install on my board but works great.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Keeps CPU nice and cool
Garbage instructions
Cheap and Effective
10-Oct
Good cooler for the money
Four Stars
Five Stars
Looking for something as good as liquid cooling this is it
Four Stars
Four Stars
Love the bang for buck factor in this model!
An amazing cooler
Five Stars
This works just fine. The one thing i don't like is that ...
This fan has a nice heat sink and fan but when i first installed ...
keeps my pc cool quite functionally
... a pain to install and the manuals are not great, but once it's on it does it's job
Excellent
This is a good heat sink and fan for the price (currently installed ...
pain in the butt to install
The fan is a lil noisy also the quality looks ...
Great after you put it together properly.
Great product!
Excellent cooler, highly recommended if you want something that ...
Works great!
I believe the majority of the bad reviews saying it quits working or is bad don't ...
Fantastic prodcuct. Night and day difference from the stock ...
but there's always been something nice about a towering heatsink like this
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good for the money. Effective
Satisfied Customer
COOL heatsink.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Needs a back plate
One of if the best CPU air cooler on the market
Great Value for Price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect for a miniITX build
Cooler of Choice
works great it's more efficient and SILENT compared to what Intel bundles with i7
Four Stars
Four Stars
Simple designs are always the best designs
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
Used in my PC build very effectively.
Best Price to Performance Cooler IMO
Huge Product
Five Stars
Does the job
Excellent CPU cooler
love it
Quiet and Cool
Five Stars
Great product for the most part
Excellent
Great purchase for a smaller HTPC case and high end ...
Five Stars
Great for AMD overclocking
Best cooler for money
Don't buy if you own a Gigabyte H87N Wi-Fi and want to use a dedicated gpu
Five Stars
like T3.
This fan is a great value!
One of the best air coolers there is.
Five Stars
Easy to install but it is pretty huge
The coolest part of my pc.
Fantastic Heatsink
Works great!
Pain in the ass to install, but worth every ...
Two Stars
Simple and reliable
Extremely silent cooler
Good temperatures, but really loud.
great, with only a few flaws
How can you say anything bad about this fan
but was a nice low profile forum factor
Great CPU Fan & Heat Sink
Five Stars
Five Stars
A+++++++ product
reduced heat and nice. Nice and would recommend
Five Stars
On par with a water cooler system.
Four Stars
Excelente
Great cooler for the price!
Just what I needed
Four Stars
Fantastic fan. It arrived on time and it's really ...
Hyper 212 again, YES
Four Stars
Works great on my HTPC
Still work great. Keeps my i7 7700K at stock speeds 79c ...
Five Stars
Overall a 5/5.
... drop temps as low as i wanted but works good
Really good quality fan but the thing is enormous
A great fan!
Average 40 degrees cooler
The heatsink shakes i cannot leave my computer on when ...
Fan isn't quite strong enough to cool a FX-8350 in a Corsair 200R
Funciona mejor de lo esperado
It is quiet and keeps to CP you 2? cooler
Five Stars
Such a difference
Keep it cool!
love it!
Five Stars
Damaged product
Works great!
Worked great! Thanks for fast shipping and good product
Great value
This product is a great value. Includes the thermal paste (which is decent ...
wow! great performance!
Five Stars
Installed this in my new computer and it is fantastic. Dropped my temps and it looks amazing
Best air heatsink there is.
Five Stars
Faulty screw
partly because I bought a good cooler.
Heard great reviews of this item so I jumped all over ...
Helps you keep your (cpu) cool.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great and Quiet Fan
Five Stars
... bit of a project to install but I quite like how it turned out
Fantastic Product... but...
Keeps my cpu cool
never had one this good! )
Kind of confusing to install if you have never done it before but keeps cpu very cool. highest I have seen is 30C using an ...
This is a great product for the amount of money spent
Five Stars
Great performance for the price
Five Stars
Great cooler
Good product
just buy it
Wonderful.
Works as stated, however i had trouble screwing the ...
Five Stars
This is my second build (just got my Skylake I5- 6600K) and it's as good as a water cooling system
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Great
Good Fan
Great Cooler.
Great Product! Little difficult to install!
Amazingly awesome
Nice
Four Stars
Significant upgrade from stock cooler for cheap$
Man.. This is very good!
Works fantastic once its done
Five Stars
Three Stars
I have no idea how these are so highly recommended. Screws hardly line up and take alot of ...
Four Stars
and there are other good one for same cost
Five Stars
Excellent cooler for the price
Excellent Heat Sink/Fan
WAY COOL !
Quiet and easy to install
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cheap and Efficient
Five Stars
Great cooler for my AMD FX8320
... my mother board without modifications but should have installed easily based off of what I researched
Five Stars
Cut myself while installing
Ice cold!
Great value
Five Stars
It keeps it nice and stable
Keeps i7 CPU at 50 degrees
Great item
Save money, stay cool, buy this cooler.
Five Stars
Superb!
Four Stars
Does a nice job cooling
Good cooler
You wont find a better cooler until you get into the overpriced range. JUST BUY IT
Five Stars
still one of the best on the market
Works well, just hugemormous....
MUCH better than the Intel stock cooler!!
Once tightened down, it does allow for it to ...
Awesome cpu cooler
Five Stars
So much better
Five Stars
and very easy to installed
Five Stars
GOOD PERFORMANCE
Five Stars
Long Installation/Good Payout!
Wowee it's chilly down here
Bad fan out of the box
Absolutely Amazing!
Turns any AMD processor into a heater
Great cooling, easy install, very large in size.
Pretty decent for the price.
Works well.
Silent and Powerful
Mounting is pointlessly hard with AMD3
My computer used to overheat constantly when I would play ...
Scratches
Five Stars
Five Stars
great cooler but unable to mount
Five Stars
the 212 EVO is fantastic for its price and is recommended almost everywhere you ...
4.3GHz on FX-6300 no problem.
but keeps my CPU cooler than the stock cooler by a good amount.
Five Stars
The best budget cooler around.
Good cooler
Running 20 degrees cooler.
Ok for my needs
works very well, better even than a water cooler
Simple as it gets
It is fantastic!
Works well with X99 platform, running i7-5930k at 4 ...
Works perfect
a great improvement from my Hyper n520
Great performance/price ratio
Works ok
Man this is an amazing cooler for the price
5 stars
The best cooler for the price
Perfect heat sink with a minor hiccup in the directions.
Five Stars
The stock AMD FX 8350 is super noisy. After installing this
Good for the money
Most cost effective air cooled heatsink you can buy
Five Stars
Dropped CPU Temp Over 10 Degrees
Nice cooler
doesnt heat up like a volcano
Best fan for the price
Everyone knows about the budget king with the Hyper 212 ...
Great Cooler for the price
Dana Carvey wrote this for me.
Tall
Would buy again
Four Stars
Great fan but massively over-bulky and will provide a very ...
Awesome air fan
Four Stars
Five Stars
One of the best coolers on the market
... installation and didn't have too much trouble getting this bad boy in place
It is awesome and has helped keep a nice internal
Tried and true
Very "Cool"
Two Stars
Five Stars
Works good
Great Buy
Dropped my temp under load when compared to Intel's default ...
No Lasting Power. Loud. Obnoxious. Disappointing.
Four Stars
Awesome cooler
Five Stars
... stock cooler but after installing this i get 29-35c great cooler and totally worth it
Four Stars
Wow this is Huge.
Not the prettiest cooler but best bang for the buck
I fall in love with it
Five Stars
Great for VR Builds
Not what I was expecting
The instructions to install it were confusing but I got ...
Great fan!
Works great on a AMD FX8350
Quite a hassle to install. Not designed for Mini-Tower ...
Cools well. A bit loud.
So cool!
Excelente
Best bang for your buck!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Works great, replaced a water cooler system that was 6 ...
Cool & Quiet
Made a huge difference from when i was using my ...
Just buy it you wont regret your purchase
Great fan.
Four Stars
Five Stars
This was worth every penny my RIG went from 76 ...
this is the best budget cpu cooler you will ever get
Great Cooler for the price
Cool running
totally satisfied.
Good cooler, its cheaper elsewhere.
Wow! I installed this on my i7 4770k and ...
Pretty BIG but worth the spending
My son loved it works Great as
Rattles
Great Air cooler for under 50 USD
Measure first, change case if needed.
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO saved the day!!!
Not quite as amazing as I hoped but still a stellar cooling unit
Cooler is great! Just make sure it will fit your case
Great For The Price!
Very big cooler, but performs well.
Awesome air cooler
Four Stars
Includes everything you need, including thermal paste
Five Stars
Used on an AMD 1055T
Cooling Power!
Loud
Does what it says
Four Stars
Not expensive at all for overclocking!
it keeps things quite and cool, good job coolermaster
Five Stars
Revolutionized my cooling experience
Great fan
in my opinion I like the vertical mounting type
awesome...wow
Newbies need not apply.
No doubt the BEST value for the $$ in high end PC air ...
Efficient
Excelent performance for an air cooler
is really silent, but it didn't fit "correctly" in ...
Five Stars
... purchased 4 of the coolers and they are always awesome. Good product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quiet
Very good investment.
WOW
an overclocked i7-5820k with 32Gigs
Please Buy This!
Great price/performance best choice at this price tier
Excellent product that performs its job
Five Stars
No Instructions for installing on a 1151
I am sure this would be better if I could actually install it...
Easy to install
Colorful and effective
Five Stars
watch fan
Five Stars
Great for the price, don't expect crazy overclocking
Five Stars
Good Cooling Fan
Five Stars
Love it!
They work great and are very quiet compared to the stock cooler
Five Stars
Super high quality parts and great instructions
Keeps the CPU quiet and cool.
Awesome CPU cooler. About the best performance/dollar you can find!
Quiet. Cools well with what appears to be plenty of reserve if I ever want to overclock. Still OK after 2 1/2 years.
Five Stars
Very quiet
Works well
Great Cooler
excellent performance for the
Good bang for your buck
Unbeatable value
TOO BIG
Four Stars
Keep your chip super cool!
Good !!!
Incompatible with my Asus motherboard
Computer has been running for several hours now and the ...
Five Stars
No regrets for this purchase its just slightly annoying how I couldnt get all 4 screws
Awesome CPU cooler
Everything works great, temps in the 40's and 20's which is ...
Perfect cooler for an HTPC
Great Cooler
Five Stars
Great product at a great value.
It's just freaking amazing. Best cooler you can get for less than ...
Five Stars
This thing is well worth it!!
this thing is full of lies, it's not meeting ...
Five Stars For Amazon Customer Service!
I have bought 3 so far and all of them works like how i wanted
Works perfect. Kept my i7 more consistent then the Intel ...
Best cooler for the money
I love it!
Great Cooler Period!!
Five Stars
ACCURATE AS DESCRIBED
Awesome Deal !!!
Awesome temps!
Five Stars
Great for ITX builds
Good CPU cooler, takes up a lot of space
Cooler Master, What Has Happened to Your QC?
#1
best cooler for amd am3 chipset
Best cooler I've ever used
Amazing
Does what it's supposed to.
Works like a charm!
I purchased this with my 7700k and I'm quite satisfied with it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Too Wide for Sabertooth 990FX/GEN3 R2.0 Motherboard
It works very well.
Good cooler. Brought temp down a few degrees
Five Stars
Master Cooler
Five Stars
Very Easy to Install
Great aftermarket cooler.
Maybe it was mixed up as a return because of how bad it was to attempt to install
Five Stars
Best value in air cooling on the market!
Great cooler for the cost.
Solid choice for anyone.
The Fan is pretty good but the screw can break easily
excelent product
Great heatsink for a full size case.
Buy the more advanced ones
Pretty cool
Five Stars
Five Stars
very quite.
Works Great and Low Price
Perfectly able to cool my I5 6600K overclocked to 4
Nice Cooler
Nice and quite for the price
Excellent CPU cooler
Good enough for the price.
but fits great. Temps are 5-8c less with arctic silver 5 ...
Puts in work!
Hot hot hot? Not anymore!
looks great and performs awesome
You get what you piad for
great product good price
Cool and Quiet
Silent and my temps are way down. A bit ...
Very quiet and very effective. It also gives the ...
I?m happy
Awesome product
Nice and Quiet and Does a Good Job!
Five Stars
The processor does not heat and the fan doesn't sound while working.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Main concerns was figuring out how the heck to install ...
Works great for such a low budget cooler
Hyper 212 EVO - Rock solid reputation and great performance!
Too big! (thats what she said)
Worth the money!
It keeps my processor super cool, but it is crazy tall
Yep, it's a very tall air cooler but with ...
good protection I like
Keeping it cool!
Five Stars
Great fan
fits and cools
Glad I bought it
its a pretty big and i can barely fit my side panel ...
Quiet as a mouse.
Five Stars
Easy to install
A Great Evo212 with LED's
So quiet it makes me wonder if it is working!
Fan commponet stopped working after 1 week. I blame ...
super high quality fan that keeps my i7 6700k idling ...
Very quiet
Keeps the PC cool
Best aftermarket cooler and the market
Tried and true
... detailed explanations here but if you're a simple man like me yeah it does the job better than expected
but not bad enough to make it a negative experience
Good cooling, terrible mounting.
Great heatsink, especially for the price
Works great!!
Must have for advanced PC users
Five Stars
Very good for the price! enought to buy another fan for it.
Singlehandedly saved my tower. Resounding effect on dramatically reducing ...
This is a great CPU cooler
Five Stars
On of the best bught cpu
Five Stars
Had some problems installing. Due to Puting the back ...
this is a very good and extremely efficient cooler for the price but beware ...
Five Stars
Now I feel more comfortable of running heavy load games
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice product
Five Stars
but works great.
great product
Huge fan, too big for mid or smaller ATX cases
Five Stars
I have this running on my Skylake i7 thats overclocked ...
Nice product
Five Stars
Five Stars
low profile RAM fits best, but normal sticks fit fine too
It is a great value and it looks better with two LED fans
Best aftermarket heatsync money can buy
This fan works very well. It keeps my CPU ...
Best price to performance ratio.
I'm going to assume it's good.
Nice CPU cooling fan
10/10 Love it.
This is the 98% Solution for Nearly EVERYONE (other than fanatic overclockers needing H20 or LN2)
and around 36-42 running games like PS2, GTAV and Tomb Raider
Great, quiet cooler
Quiet and cool. Just wish that top is blacked out as ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... Cooler Master 212 EVO is one of the most recommended aftermarket coolers for PC enthusiasts
Better have a lot of room in your case
Five Stars
Five Stars
in intel stock cpu cooler the Temp reach to 85 ...
my fans are running super quiet, Im completely satisfied
Temps Dropped Significantly!
Air flow for your expensive processor.
Night and day difference with this cpu cooler!
Five Stars
Awesome cooler.
Worthy of it's popularity.
Wonderful Cooler
The perfect budget CPU cooler
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Frickin tough install
cool n quiet
It works with Asus Aura!
Super quiet, cools nicely
Excellent
Five Stars
Quality product. Cheap price
;)
Heatsink fine but booty be big doe
Great product but worthless instructions.
Great fan
Best bang for your buck!
Really what else is there to say about this cooler ...
Five Stars
Must buy
Silent
It's the best!
Four Stars
A good cooler
like a car radiator for your computer
Highly satisfied.
Price effective CPU cooler
Quite large, Quite cooling.
Five Stars
Great for uncluttered Desktop towers.
A solid product.
Nice
Four Stars
Works great. A little big for my case but I ...
Five Stars
Works very well, needs a little experience to modify ...
Cooler
I love this thing but its a pain to install
Best air cpu cooler
One Star
Quality has declined
Five Stars
Five Stars
keeps it cool, even oc core directions are
Good CPU Cooler But Quite Large
Very useful
My god. 2 out of 4 nuts required for ...
Quiet enough
Great product for the price
Five Stars
Good cooler
awesome
Five Stars
paired with i7-3770k, running stable at 4.2GHz overclock
The multiple great reviews aren't wrong
Heatsink is great, fan is not.
Five Stars
Works great Instructions bad Throw them away and download the pdf ...
Installed on i5-2500K, works great!
which is amazing! When it was on 100% load the temperature ...
Cools great, but fan makes abnormal noise at max speed.
Difficult install
Five Stars
Truly Silent
Mean CPU Cooler that Doesn't Break the Bank
Works Great
I can't tell if I installed this fan correctly or ...
Four Stars
Great seller. Order yours and you won't be disappointed
Five Stars
great value - quiet operation
Works well
Dropped my cpu temp from 65c at idle to between ...
Five Stars
Awesome
Excellent heat sink, would recommend to anyone.
love it
Yep, it works
Never even hear it
Five Stars
Prepare for a challenge.
Cool and Quiet
I Bought Two - One After the Other - Want to Send Both Back - NOISY
Great product
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not only does this cool my OC'd cpu just fine
Five Stars
The fan is either defective or not actually PWM.
The fan is GARBAGE!
Excellent product !!
The cooler itself is great. However the fan on the other hand is ...
Good but watch the videos
the heatsink is now working perfect with a new
4.4 GHz Easy
One Star
Best for you gamers out there
Big fan but very quite
Led works great and looks amazing and the cpu cooler is nice ...
this is an amazing cooler. It was easy to install even for ...
It's a great CPU Cooler
removed my case fan, and added a SSD drive ...
Efficient but a little loud sometimes, however, cooling level: 10/10
was glad to get this item
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
As expected
ICE COLD
But I think it works far far far better than the fan with cpu
Good budget cooler
Great cooler let down by crappy installation
It's the Hyper 212 EVO, you already know it's good.
Five Stars
Can't beat the price to performance of this cooler. ...
Computer Staying Cool
Four Stars
HUGE!
A pain to install on the first machine, but a lot easier on the second machine, really cools the cpu but it is loud
Five Stars
... failed Corsair H60 liquid cooler and it works FAR better than the Corsair unit
Going with air cooling, this is hard to beat.
Five Stars
It works.
This CPU cooler is affordable effective and is the best option out t here for anyone building a custom ...
I doubt anything else would work as good.
... pain in the butt to install but it works great.
... 4 build with this cooler and could not be happier with them i have ran cooler then some water ...
Great!
Five Stars
best value cooler on the
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Pro Great cooler took my cpu from 30c idle and 66c ...
Awesome Product
Amazing Cooler!
Five Stars
Can you say cold as ice? I can now ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome cooler, but please research your dimensions.
Great Buy
Five Stars
nice cooler. fits in the the thermaltake gullwing 27 ...
Cool, very cool :)
Great Inexpensive Cooler
Why so complicated?
Four Stars
Excellent Air Cooler
Problems with warranty registration...fixed!
was good about five years ago but now their are much ...
Four Stars
... to change my stock cooler fan due to the annoying sound and high temps
best value
Works just as good as the original version I bought back in 2010
Five Stars
Best value out there for air cooling
Very nice little cooler
It's cooled my Phenom II X6 drastically and I couldn't be happier with it
One wrong nut
easy installation and it comes with its own thermal paste and everything
Wonderful product!
Great
Not working
cool temps and the lights are bright and really add ...
Five Stars
Great cooler!
Great Cooler
Five Stars
Cheap, good and kinda hard to install
great cpu cooler for the money.
This puppy stays cold just make sure if you get ...
this was an excellent purchase.
Keeps it cool
nice functional
Excellent product for mid-high gaming performance!
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Springs on the connector screws are really stiff and hard to manage.
Great fan.
Total garbage. How is this as popular as it is?
Five Stars
Great CPU Cooler
Saved my computer from constantly overheating. Been using it ...
Easy to install and quiet
will not fit 775 intel mobo
Huge and effective
Installed this today and replaced my less than subpar stock ...
Awesome Cooler!
Excellent cooler
excellent cooling solution.
Five Stars
Four Stars
... mechanism but once it's in place it performs real good! I "think" it performs better than the Hyper ...
Five Stars
cools fantastic even on an overclock
I purchased this because it has a lot of great reviews on tech forums
Definitely worth buying if you're on a budget or you're new to building
Can't beat it for the price.
The best air cooler in the world!! I mean it
too bulky, if one of the kids hit the ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great Cooling
BIG BLOCK COOLER
Impressed
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Quality that can't be beat
CoolerMaster Need I Say More
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting 1st 3rd part cooler
Rgb
Good
Five Stars
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
Fast Delivery, item as described. This is a ...
Basic, Poor Quality CPU Cooler With Niche Appeal
Five Stars
Four Stars
Meh
very quiet. really cools down the temps. Instructions ...
keeps my computer cool. does what it says
Keeps it Icy
Big fan, low temps!
it surely does look good!
Works as intended
Excellent!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Gets the job done
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice Looking Cooling, Low Quality Screws!!!
Highly Recommended
GREAT design, HIGHLY recommended
strange metal smell
Five Stars
Five Stars
quiet
Great product
it does the job
Would recommend over mediocre water cooling such as H60s
great bang for your buck..
Five Stars
Noisy, but effective
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great budget cpu heat sink
Overclock starting tool
Does the job
Definitely almost as good as the kuhler water pumps by antec
Wow. Smooth.
Best cooler at it's price level
excellent product. I installed it on a case corsair ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
very easy to fit and
Four Stars
Big and beautiful
Great fan nice and quiet
Best value cooler out there
Works great!!
Great investment
Much cooler.
Five Stars
Five Stars
The One Heatsink To Cool Them All
Best performance for the price.
Coooool
Five Stars
I've had it for 6 months, great fan for the price.
Upgraded my old fans that sounded like an airplane
Works great
Amazing temps for the price.
I can not say enough good things about this cooler
Works great. Core i5 4690
4 GHz very nicely by 30 degrees Celsius in comparison to stock heat ...
Almost
Four Stars
handles the heat much better than the Intel OEM
would recommend.
Double check size.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works
Absolutely fantastic
S' a good one
IT runs a lot quite then i thought
Beast mode
Super quiet.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I used it with an old Intel Extreme Chip and ...
Good but complicated.
... installed another one for extra cooling and what a good job it does
Works great!
Missing parts :'(
its good at cooling
Great Fan!
Pros: does the job well. Cons: a ...
Five Stars
Pretty and performs.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Get COOL here
Three Stars
The only thing I don't like it is the introduction is not clear enough
Best CPU cooler for high end I7 machines, but its TALL, so you need to have a wide case !!!
fixed my overheating problem
Five Stars
Awesome cooler for a great price
Excellent Cooling for the Price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quiet and Cool
Its quiet and efficient, my temps on an i7-4790k ...
The blades ain?t match with all the parts and rust nuts.
Four Stars
Not What I Was Expecting.
Must have cooling FAST SHIPPING
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
GREAT PRODUCT!
Bestseller , cheap
Silence!
Great !!!
I am satisfy with this product.
Great device - tricky instructions
Cool and quiet
Bulky but efficient.
Also a Must Have
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ice cold
Works Great on Intel Q6600 (socket 775)
Five Stars
Quality CPU Cooler
Great Air Cooler
.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Still the best value after-market cooler
Ok
this is great upgrade from whatever stock cooler is included
Wonderful. No problems
Five Stars
Good Cooler
Cheap and works fine. I didn't like how the instructions were ordered ...
Five Stars
nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great cooler!
This is a great fan. It was pretty cheap for how great ...
Five Stars
2GHz nice and cool
This thing would cool an fx
Great cooler but big
Five Stars
Solid product delivers great results.
best bang for buck
Great cooler, beware on mini-ITX boards
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keep it cool
My bad for not checking more thoroughly - but it worked ...
Five Stars
good
5 Stars!
flat out doesnt work with my AM4 gigabyte AB350 motherboard ...
Easy to install cleared some of my cooling / circulation
Difficult to install
Four Stars
Awesome CPU cooler!
Keeps CPU, but killed my Mother Board
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thank you Cooler Master, very cool!
Excellent
Five Stars
Works great but very large
Four Stars
A great product for a great price.
One Star
Very easy installation. Don't buy it if you need to ...
Five Stars
Most popular good cooler
As good as my h60, without the possibility of wetting the bed.
Five Stars
Hyper 212 Evo, nuff said
it's so nifty
... cooler master product for my pc it is work good
Four Stars
Five Stars
The Cooler Mater has been running great for 6 plus months
everything working fine. Will get back if any issue arise
the 212 EVO is a fantastic bang for your buck
I7 4790k ??
Works great
Five Stars
Affordable yet powerful cooler
Bad Heatsink
Five Stars
... cpu which is a i5 7400 running at a cool 25 degrees celsius
Great
good works like a charm i thought i was going ...
is it running?
Appears to be a good CPU cooler
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Too difficult to install
Five Stars
Can't beat the value for the price-- Great aftermarket cooler even for overclocking
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Just installed this so I could overclock my I5-2500K. ...
Great cooler
Whisper quiet fan while keeping the CPU temp down! ...
Previous version of this item worked great for 2 years until the fan failed
Derp.
Pretty quiet.
Four Stars
Keeps cool, HUGE
Happy with it so far
Five Stars
Significant difference!
Excellent Product
Instructions....
keep it cool
Great fan with little to no noise
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very nice, clean minimalist look
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The cooler works better than hoped for
Almost good
Overall Great Quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
2 year old fan just went to hell after mild use.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to install
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cool
Five Stars
Good fan but becoming annoying.
Five Stars
Great CPU cooler!
Great item
Best cooler for the $
very efficient cooler
Highly rated product.  Will purchase again
Didnt fit :(
Super quiet! Super cool!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just buy it, you know you want to.
Five Stars
Big and tall
Five Stars
exceeded my cooling expectations, blows the stock AMD A8 cooler away
Works great! I have it on my AMD FX-8350 that ...
Four Stars
Not a snug fit
Five Stars
Five Stars
Affordable Quite PC Cooler Fan
Good, but slight rattle at high RMPs.
Five Stars
Best bang for the buck cooler.
Brillinat
Love It!
Works as expected with 0 issues.
it works well, but you really need another fan ...
id buy another
Access to the back of my already installed motherboard was ...
Better than a $70 cooler
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kept my CPU running cooler than stock for such a ...
Keeps my Fx 8350 cool!
Like 2-3 days of usage caused the fan to make ...
Five Stars
Excellent cooler, though a little bulky
Must have for air cooler
awesome air cooler
Large Air Cooled Heat Sink will Keep Your Processor Chip Barely Warm
Good AMD CPU cooler
its not so easy to install but the product is great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
would recommend
product works well but the instructions SUCK
Great value!
Excellent product
cool, and sexy 5/5
You dont need a fancy cooling sysytem.
Five Stars
but happy birthday.
Hasn't given any issues this far. Worth it to ...
Used with the "Akust 120mm & 135mm & 140mm Air ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is pretty cool
Keeps CPU cool
NOT ACTUALLY LED, but amazing cooler.
Great Heatsink/Fan
It works great for cooling but the fan is very noisy in ...
but good build quality and works as advertised
Five Stars
Great cooler. I have an AMD FX 6350 overclocked ...
Five Stars
supper cooler
Five Stars
Tricky install because of size.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Heatsink = 5 stars easily
Can't go wrong with this cooler.
Five Stars
Keeps my tower cool even when overclocked
Very nice fan, installation instructions are not for the first-timer, though.
A++
Super
Ready for some efficient air cooling without liquid damage possible? Look no further.
Five Stars
Very nice CPU cooler/heatsink!
Can barely hear my computer any more.
Five Stars
Five Stars
This fan stay whisper quiet in ultra settings of games like battlefield and Witcher 3 even after rigorous testing and ...
Keep the CPU cool.
amazing
Fantastic value.
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
I really love the Hyper 212 EVO fan
Excellent
Two Stars
cool and quiet is the name of the game
Quiet, cools well...HUGE
Right item
Five Stars
Four Stars
works
Great aftercooler for the price.
perfecto
Very tall. It would not fit in my case ...
Five Stars
still running as good as ever and this bad boy keeps my cpu ...
Five Stars
Works well once installed
Things to consider before buying
Granted the heat sink has only been installed a week ...
Five Stars
Not so easy to install ...
Works like a breeze...
much fan. such cooler
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
BUY ONE. NO REGRETS
Temps are colder than my freezer and with no noise at all :)
great product
Five Stars
Cheap and works.
Five Stars
Decent cooling at a decent price
Big but cold
Four Stars
Blows like a hurricane
Setup was easy, and only took about 30 minutes
Excellent product!
Bad instructions
Five Stars
From 60C to 39C with this fan swap
Perfect heat sink for AMD Athlon x4 860k
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
No beating this cooler for dollar/performance
Five Stars
Very Nice and REALLY BIG
Cooler Master
Five Stars
Works a lot better than I expected.
A Great Deal
Better than Stock
But it works great. Can get loud if it ramps up
This thing is massive
Good product for money
I really love the hyper 212 led
slides around
Install is a PITA
Without it, it will be on fire
Five Stars
Very quiet!
Five Stars
Best bang for your buck!
Five Stars
Excelent Product!!!
Quality control?
Big and works very well.
Problema
First I would like to say that the cooler itself was great and ...
Cool, nice, sturdy
Arrived broken
but once I got it installed it works like a dream
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keeps my rig running cool
It does the job and is pretty quite. These can move a lot of air
Best CPU Cooler for the price
super quiet
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gets the job done.
Five Stars
Great heatsink except for the included fan...
This thing is huge
Love it
Impressive!
It's my biggest fan...
Does its job well
Saved my PC
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great CPU Cooler
Great for OC
This cooler rocks!
Gucci fan with a Gucci price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good quality, relatively easy to install
Five Stars
MUST BUY; GREAT PRICE
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Other than that it's great!
One of the best
This air cooler is perfect. Just take care about the size of your ...
Great air cooler
... to 34 C Defiantly worth the buy and I recommend it to other stats from CPU
Good, but loud
Quiet & cool
too big for my case. Ill just hold onto ...
Five Stars
Perfect!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Been keeping my FX 8350 very cool and it has been surprisingly quiet when gaming
Excellent Cooler
Good quality, larger than expected.
As expected.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Does the job.
Great but can be a pain to install....
The fan works amazing. I have had no problems with over heating
Great cpu cooler
quiet cooler
very big for microatx
Excellent
Great product!
Four Stars
One Star
Much better than stock cooler
Great upgrade really quiet
Very impressed!
Five Stars
Troubles at the start
Five Stars
Good
Great cooler!
Pretty happy
Five Stars
Very effective cooler, keeps temperatures low and doesn't have interference with mobo memory.
Huge Difference
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just love it
Five Stars
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO
Four Stars
Very nice and QUIET
Best bang for your buck
Five Stars
Needed this to build my first PC. Had it ...
Rattling fan
great cpu
Five Stars
A wonderful heat sink
Five Stars
Great HTPC CPU cooler
P8Z68 DELUXE/GEN3 Deluxe Intel I7 6700k  Great fit and performance
Great Heat Sink for Computer Build
Great Product!
There's a reason it's one of the best selling coolers
Blind Painter
Three Stars
Quiet CPU Coooler
Excellent cooling for the price
Five Stars
Great cooler
todo ok
Four Stars
Perfect size for mid tower, x bar little difficult for assembly.
Although it is a great cooler, the installation is a bit of a ...
... have the room in your case this thing is awesome.
Perfect fit.
Powerful, but bulky and hard to install
Step 1: Install. Step 2. Be happy.
this is the best cooler your money can buy
Beyond amazing
Five Stars
great cpu cooler
Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with..PWM FAN
Five Stars
Five Stars
C?mpralo sin dudarlo
Five Stars
get it
Five Stars
Good solid cooler
prior to purchasing this my cpu was overheating and resetting ...
Five Stars
Inexpensive cooling option.
Kool
Five Stars
Five Stars
coooooooool
Five Stars
Love/Hate
Thing is huuuge
This works great!
It is very easy to install and the led lights look great for the price!
Five Stars
Easy to setup
Five Stars
Five Stars
Up grading computer
Great
COOL!
Five Stars
It did the job
Five Stars
A solid product, but keep an eye on its condition.
Good cooler
Big Solid Workhorse
Chill
... to keep my fx-6300 over clocked and keeps temps super low. Extremely satisfied
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
not bad, keep my CPU
Four Stars
5 stars
All time great!
Why? for the Glory of savings!
absolutely an amazing purchase.
yup its a cpu cooler.
now it's cool. What more needs be said
Just what I needed for my new build Keeps my system running great!
Buy this cooler if you only want 50% of the cooler to be in contact with your CPU and you want your temps to go up
It is excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
just o.k.
Excellent replacement for the sock cooler
Keeps it cool
Great little fan
Very good. But loud.
MicroATX. Perfect.
Great buy!
Fantastic! Highly recommended!
Three Stars
Be sure to order some other thermal paste because the stuff that comes with this is very funny.
The instructions suck (just pictures
Five Stars
Best performace/$ ratio out there
Works great for AMD
Cooler Master GeminII M4 - CPU Cooler
Works beautifully
Awesome CPU cooler
Temperatures 16 deg-C lower than the stock cooler
Eat at Joe's
Roku Channel has free movies & Locast app has free network TV FOX/ABC/CBS/NBC
NO GOING BACK TO SATELLITE OR CABLE!
Don't Buy This Product
One BIG reason to choose the Ultra...
Not much to see here
Mostly great so far
THIS DEVISE STREAMS 24/7 UNLESS YOU UNPLUG IT
Excellent device!
Far superior to Amazon ?s Firebox
roku ultra was modified to include a scam
Registration Required
Fast Fast Fast HDR! Finally! Bought 2
Totally useless shortcut buttons
Really liking the upgrade!
Feel Misled
Forever reboot loop and remote pair issue
Excellent Roku Device?better than the Roku 4
Roku sucks
Great... until isn?t. Then, it?s a nightmare.
Sound and picture not in sync and cuts off sound periodically
Top of the Line
There better product than Roku
Not Worth A Foodstamp.
Pay attention to the negative reviews... this product is glitchy.... and problematic
A great device that gives you a lot of content and video options.
Wouldn't activate
Roku Ultra
Hate pre-programmed buttons
Best Streaming Player
it's not plug and play !!!
Roku Rules
Very Happy with this new unit.
The Most Ultra Roku of Them All
Same old great song...
Great replacement for cable box - Cut the cable
Great equipment, horrible customer service!
Be Careful, Bad Design Means Data Cap Issues
Recommend for cord cutters or who need to make the TV become Smart
Great features
Enhanced Remote is a Game Changer!!!
Great streaming player that really needs a MUTE button now!
Good, not great
Roku is great, but the Ultra is overpriced
Loses surround sound after a few days
Customer Service non existent
Love this Roku model
Roku, where have you been all my life?
Works as advertised, its just a streamer, not an android application device.
Beautiful addition to your home.
Much stronger and faster than the stick
Quit working after 2 days
Works with my Harmony IR remote
Roku Ultra. It's Everything that Apple TV 4K Isn't
Good not great. Adult options.
BEWARE ! If you value your Wifi signal strength and coverage, don't get a Roku...
Nice, but one thing to look out for.
hdcp issues blight an otherwise great product
Nice, but...
On time
Roku sure blew it with this product
Great Streaming Player!! My First Roku In Years
An excellent streamer.
I expected too much
Remote and software have serious issues
Roku Ultra Software is a piece of junk
Does not work with Dolby from Netflix and others
Roku Ultra - Not bad
Known audio lag, do your homework!
Roku Ultra HD/4K/HDR with *EAR*phones
Roku support very poor
Terrible Sync Problems
Awesome upgrade from FireTV
Support for this device is non-existent
A Very Good Product. Recommended.
The actual worst.
The potential for a great product is real, but Roku has to fix the issue first.
It works for basic viewing needs but don?t expect top notch functionality.
Great, except for the remote audio
Great all-around streaming device with some unique features
Frequent Buffering Issues
Easy setup, works great
Great
Why did I wait so long?
i like roku
Worked great -- for about a month!
Unbelievably better than its competitors!!
Missing the essential HDMI cable.
Does NOT stop streaming just because you power off your TV!
Roku 1, FireStick zero
Fast & easy to use...
No Chromecast
the ROKU media player app is NOT good
Easy to Use
Simplifies Streaming but unable to convert Dolby Digital Plus
The best roku model yet.
Highly recommend
Best Streaming Device, if you're undecided which brand to get, get the Roku.
Best streaming box around!
It's a Roku, why haven't you bought it yet?
WORKS GREAT --BEST ROKU
Not what I expected. There is not 5.1 Dolby Digital Audio from Netflix
Surprising ~ love it!
Buggy With Samsung TVs But ROKU Is Awesome When It Works Properly
SCREEN TOO DARK
I should have switched to this sooner
CUT THE CORD!!!
Great addition
Expected more
Great streaming player
The dreaded ?CABLE NOT INCLUDED?
Excellent $$$ n Value
Works great, just like it's predecessor,  Roku 3
quad core
Credit Card Required
Great Purchase for a Streamer
Works Perfect
Cut the cord!  You'll love Roku!
Streaming stick(+) would be just fine for most people
works perfect after work around
Yessssssss! This thing is awesome! All my favorite channels in one spot!
Wired 4K and HDR
Best streaming device I've owned
Great product. Cord-cutting definitely a viable option.
Fun toy Love the Roku ultra
Simplistic Performance, User Friendly
Wired ethernet was a must-have
Sound sync issues
I Love Roku
Works so much better than the older Roku products.
Perfect device for DIRECTV NOW
It is easy to setup and use. Easy to use. Great video quality
Stick to the Streaming Stick
Roku Has A Problem with Projectors - This is an Alert for those users considering purchase
efficient viewing of streams
Really like the ultra
Very much improves my Internet TV connection!!!
Roku Ultimate 4K/HDR is the Way to Go!
Bad product!
It is the Ultra.
Nice Piece of Kit
Great Product
Better than Firestick by far!!!!
Worth Buying
Great...When it?s working correctly!
Roku Ultra great!
Amazing, read the review.
Get more channels
Very intuitive
Excellent product great for the money
Easy to use and great picture.
Great Upgrade from Roku 3
Loads streaming service apps and shows really quickly
Best Streaming Box Available
The best streaming device
Perfect!
Just what I needed
No Miracast as advertised
Headsets are just some ear buds
The best streaming device available today.
Once you meet ROKU you will never go back to cable.
Easy to set up, years of entertainment without paying cable!
Easy upgrade, better in every way.
Great
Roku Ultra is great but JBL Headphones do not work.
Product defect
Better value than Apple TV.
Best Roku yet!
Good unit but still needs improvements
Finds lost remote with a push of a button
Amazing!
Thumbs up with some minor issues
Great Device!
Love it!
It's better but.....
the remote couldn't control a soundbar
Nice Roku player and headphone jack in remote is quite useful
not regret
need credit card or paypal
Best Roku yet 11/18/18
Great, Responsive, and Easy to Use
Not quite an excellent product, but close.
Loving The Simple Life
Works Well
Roku products are crap and should be avoided.
Great product, easy to set up
Huge dissapointment
Worth the extra money!
Roku's top model
Technology is cool!
Love
The Best Roku for Heavy Roku Users
Best thing there is for cutting the cord!
Love this
Great Roku
A Good Performer
micro SD card and prime video
Streaming Made Simple
Top of the line Roku Ultra
Do not waste your money! Audio is PCM 2 channel only!!! Headphone jack doesn't work!
Frustrating with all of the glitches.
Bye Bye Comcast
Love the new remote
Faster but poorer picture
So worth the upgrade!
Roku great picture quality, sometimes random audio lag. Still a great little box!
Top end performance
Works flawlessly
Poor Wireless Connectivity
Very simple setup and easy UI.
Best Roku Yet!
User interface.
Much Improved Roku.
4K, Headphones, Voice Search, Great Service Integration
Roku has won the TV O/S wars
Needs a little work.
Best Roku yet
Simple and works well.
Best streaming player
Not as good.
Great 4K picture works with my Alexa Fire TV box headphones into the remote is a nice touch
If you have DirecTV Now ditch the Fire Cube and buy this.
Great Remote
Need paid subscription for 95% of programming.
Excellent product with a couple odd installation issues
So happy with Roku Ultra & Hulu Live
Great product, plug it in and watch
Very Happy with new Roku Ultra
Still the king
Buy the biggest Roku you can afford
When Nobody Had One On Black Friday Locally, Amazon Did!
Fantastic!
It will not work properly without a truly HDCP 2.2 compliant HDMI cable
Really?!?
Works Great
Love this thing! Love it.
Cut The Cord!!!
No Mute Button
Wow! Excellent Streamer!
Great Value!!!
Roku Ultra = Great!
The Asterisk (*) Roku Remote button
It's Roku...of course it's great!
Excellent streaming content and GUI.
Never Going Back to Cable
Love it! Beware of scams!
Great Roku
Easy to set up and use with Ethernet connection!
Really Good!
First time Roku user.
Very pleased with Roku
IMO Best Media Streaming Device on the Market
No more cable box rental
Roku Ultra Rocks
Love this!
Fast 4k Streaming
Roku rocks
I'm a convert!
Easy to use and saves you money
Great streaming device
Perfect
How did I live without this?
GREAT VALUE-LOVE THIS PRODUCT
Saved my tv with poor wifi capabilities
Must have for streaming and TV services
Buy this if you want full control over your at home entertainment.
Works well
Roku please do it easier for peoples!
Always reliable
More than enough free content to keep you entertained
Wonderful, just as expected
It's the best
ROKU ULTRA, It's Great and we really like it, But .....
Great Product!
Great Product, Terrible Headphones
Super easy to set up many  free channels
Solid performance and quality, best streaming device I?ve tried so far!
Watching more TV
It works well.
Glad I went with the Roku Ultra
Great picture, easy install
Great Peformance
Roku Ultra much improved picture quality and no crashes vs. Roku2
Definitely worth it!!
Simply best streamer
Roku Rocks
Love it!
Worthy upgrade
Rocky Ultra is the best.
This is the Roku to buy, I have several, the new one comes with JBL headphones. Nice
Cool item. We use it as a second tv for comcast
Rural Roku
A must have for streaming and cutting the cable cord.
Great product
Faster, smoother, less buffering than my 5+ old Roku
Great unit and features
Second One - But this is the Ultra
Almost as good as cable without the price!
The remote makes it all worth it
Great streaming device to cut the cable with!
That we can use one of the two Roku ultra that we purchased
Awesome product!!
Great device simple to use and setup
Not. What. I was. Hoping. For
Streaming is not all it's cracked up to be
Top of the line streamer, so-so earbuds
Cutting the cable
Roku junk
easy as pie once you figure it out
Great cable alternative and the price is right .
Upgraded from an older Premier
batteries lonely last about a week
Not good for NON-binge watchers
If you have an older or base model this is a vast improvement.
Must buy
Better than Cable!
Great streaming box
must purchase HDMI to RCA cable converter for old TVs
Easily installed TV everywhere around the house.
If You don't need the features the other ROKU streaming devices work just as well.
Great for Cord Cutters
It is SOOOO WORTH THE MONEY!
Picture perfect, sound could be better
Happy I upgraded
Great product.
Great Entertainment!
no more buffering but...
Roku is the best.
Great media player.
Our Roku in Rural Arizona
Best purchase ever.
mostly good
Bought another one...so yeah, it's great
Recommend this device, was a nice upgrade to our Roku 3
Great solution for ?cord cutters?
Incremental Improvements Noticeable
GREAT for cutting the cable!
Really great so far. Nice quality and much improved picture.
Best media player ever
Love the new Roku, but kinda missing the old remote
Working as advertised.
Works great!
Love Roku!
Easy to install, easy to watch!
Lives up to it's name
Fantastic
Love this controller.
Excellent Roku, best they have made
Great Media Player
The best Roku out there!
Super fast downloading!
Super simple
Cut the cable or satellite, get tv for free
GREAT product
Very restrictive, disappointing
Best streaming device so far!
Simply The BEST!
Roku Ultra | HD/4K/HDR Streaming Media Player Voice Remote, Remote Finder & USB. Now includes Premium JBL Headphones. (2018)
Great for heavy use heavy streaming
Remote locks up
Excellent!
Roku - New & Improved
Free movies, able to see cable channel in other room
The best streaming device...
Works great with Xfinity streaming
Great remote and everything works!
Best streaming divice ever.
Ethernet or wireless options
Roku does it again
Purchased end of 2018 received 2017 model.
Good product
Bought another one . . .
Cant go wrong with this one.
Great little streaming box
Great device and saves me money
Do not fall for the request for further channels at an additional cost.
Love it!
Good picture quality but many disappointing problems
Roku rocks
Do not buy only for the $35 Sling Tv offer
Roku Ultra
Good buy
Great for the price
Rock on with a Roku!
Great value.
Easy to install, fun to watch, plenty of free channels/movies
Roku Ulta makes my life easier
Glitchy Remote Randomly Activates Voice Assistant or Goes to HULU.  ?
Freedom of choice from the cable company
1000X faster than a Roku stick.  so much nicer
Better than the Roku 4
Roku ultra is an outstanding device! Worth the money. Big thanks to Amazon of course!
Roku Ultra (2018) - Worth Every Penny!!!
It may be great for others
BETTER THAN THE STICK
Great Purchase!!
Quite happy
Poor support.  Pretty useless device.
Worth It
Beware it does support very few countries.
Simple and easy
Quick and easy navigation
Great Product!!!!
Raku Ultra
Love it
Less than an hour to install.
One roku remote controls it all
It?s good overall. But it should be better.
Glad I Upgraded
You're On Your Own
Lots of free movies and TV shows
Bought for Ethernet hookup...
Does not control SONOS playbar
Super easy
Simple setup.
Hundreds of Channels Huge Savings
Very user friendly
Works great!
Love this product.
Doesn?t work with sound bar
It works!
Very happy with purchase
Newest Roku Ultra is extremely easy to setup.
Easy to set up. Works perfectly.
Top Model...Best Buy.
Its a good device however power controls doesn't work as claimed
Easy to setup.
Doesn't come with HDMI cable.
Valentine's Gift for the Hubby
Looks great, but
The good and bad
Love this streaming device!
Easy to set up and use.
Awesome remote
Great streaming device
I like it, but a few issues
Best purchase
Excellent.
Random picture and sound blackouts
Easy to setup and start using
Great Products
Easy enough to navigate a 4 year old can do it!
Saves old TVs
Roku has over 3000 channels many of them are free.
Best streaming device I ever had..
Excellent
Worth the Update
So far, so good.
Get one.
Easy to use and very responsive.
Another Quality Roku Product
My second one
5 star box with a 4 star remote
Great Product
Just what I needed
I cut the cable
Cut the cord for Roku
Happy I ordered it!
I liked Roku 3 better
Need more work, Fire TV 4K is better.
Roku ultra
A great upgraded to our Roku 2 HD
I love Roku!
Great product
Roku helped us cut cable.
Better selection than other streaming devices!!!
My Roku box is wonderful
USER FRIENDLY
Good but not brilliant for Plex
It is great!
No mute button for ear plugs or TV
Small issue
EXCELLENT Qulaity product
Easy to install
Works just as described in description.
No sound system connection, on this model.?
Top of the line
SO EASY TO USE
Worked exactly as expected.
Awesome Units!
High performance per dollar. Better deal unless you're an apple addict.
Good quality unit.
No HDMI cable, No USB power
Better Qualify Than Spectrum.
Love this device
Roku Ultra
Was a Black Friday steal - What a great unit!!!
Headset Jack / Static
Picture looks Amazing!!!
The Roku Response Time is the Best
Cord is definitely cut now.
Great product
Love it
Hard wired is the way to go
Perfect
Awesome Streaming Device
Faster than my TCL Roku TV.
Made my TVs picture quality look better without the cable box
This is what you need!!!!!!
It's a Roku
Easy Entertainment
Roku Ultra
Dont waste your time.
media player does not play a variety video and audio formats
Well worth it at/on many points.
Great product
Ultra Sucks
LOVE the roku 4
Two Thumbs up
If ur tired of loosing the remote for Roku, this is the one u need...
LOVE THIS
So great
Better options than the fire.
Great selection of shows.
This product don't  work internationally.
Roku Ultra
Quick set up and easy to use product
Overall great buy!
CONVENIENT VOLUME CONTROL
Worth the upgrade.  Bad that the remote has many promotional services and a listening device.
Love it!
becareful
Great
Very impressive
Great device
GREAT REPLACEMENT FOR COMCAST !
Love it!
Roku Ultra is an excellent choice
Good buy
Roku4Life
Thumbs up
A MUST HAVE
Awesome Product
Doesn?t work in Australia.
4k
Using it to replace cable box with Spectrum
Good upgrade, plus controls Tv
Remote finding a gem
Love the Ultra
Roku Ultra Streaming Stick
GIT-R-DONE!
Good bye Comcast
As Advertised - Excellent Alternative to Cable
We're in heaven!
Do not buy it if you live outside of the US
Roku #3
At $50 off, Great Deal!
Great device & easy setup
great product
Even if you have a smart TV, buy the Roku
There's nothing to know. Take it out of t hgv e b ok x, set it up and uh se jt
Love Roku streaming devices
The right choice for cord cutters
Where have I been?
Great product
Excellent.
Well worth the upgrade.
No mute button is extremely annoying
scammers on this web site
Love it
Great product
Love it
ROKU ULTRA
Love it!!
Roku Ultra
Cable free
never get's off internet, runs 24/7...
Good Streaming Device
Roku never disappoints!
Awesome
Solid product, apple you should be shamed of your product
All around great
Way better than the Firestick!
Using for Sling tv
Earbuds cut in and out
As advertised.
Just buy ROKU Ultra.  Period.
Excellent
Roku is the choice
No need for this POS
Cut the cable
Great product.
Too easy
Awesome product
Happy with purchase
Works correct, but limited
Simple to configure and use
I received exactly what was described and shown..
Highly recommend
Much better than the old models
ROKU ULTRA ROCKS!
easy setup and convenient voice control
Very easy
LOVE THIS!
The best option for Roku users, love the headphone jack on remote!
great idea.  greedy execution.
Nice option to cable
Use as TV remote as well
Perfect!
Simple solution. Great quality
Loved this purchase!
Meets your streaming needs
Great way to avoid the 9.95 fee for cable boxes from xfinity!
I have 4
Fast and great quality streaming
Love having one remote!
Such versatility
Excellent Product
We have 4 different Rokus, this one is the best
No sound control with sound bar.
Roku is better than android streaming boxes
Great picture and all the content we need
Great price great quality
They're only getting better
Great for cord cutters!
Roku Ultra is very intuitive
Easy to use.
Best streaming device!
F?cil de instalar. Es peque?o y f?cil de operar
It's an excellent product.
It's perfection!!
Works Great for cable cord cutters like me!
No remote
Yes!
Constant audio/video sync issues - Do Not Buy!
So so...
Fast and easy
Lots of variety scattered around if you want to go through the hassle of finding it.
Great.
Awesome access to multiple movie, TV,  and game applications.
Worth the price.
Good product but...only for US
Perhaps the best streaming device in the market
It's a Roku
Good picture and sound quality
Great product
Nothing Better
Works well
Works as Described
easy setup !!!
Easy to set up
Great unit
Great
Almost a 5 but no
Love it.
Roku beats AppleTV for me!
BETTER THAN I EXPECTED!!!
Easy to set
Easy and awesome
Best Ruku yet
Buy it
Love it
Worth the upgrade.
Returned
love it
Still has Ethernet Jack
Worked perfectly, great picture, easy set up
Good but possibility of get better
Necessary for streaming
Love that ROKU Ultra
As described
geat upgrades
Excellent Roku
Roku HD Ultra
Don't buy this if you have a limited data plan!
Best Roku ever!
Roku
Best Roku yet..
Still need subscription for most
Lack of items for installation.
Great product
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
Fast & High Quality
Works great
better than firesticks
What's not to like!
Cord Cutter's Delight!
Nice
Such a TV expansion !
Best Roku We?ve Used
Roku is the best stream media in the market right now
Better than Samsung Smart Hub
Great entertainment for a very reasonable price
Great buy
WiFi connection dead
Works great.
User friendly * even if you?re terrible with electronics
Should have included an hdmi cable
Great tool for going cable free.
Upgrade
nice
Great little Black Box
Roku
Best Roku Device I?ve Ever Purchased!!!
Easy Set Up
Get this and say goodbye to Appletv.
No HDMI cable.
Roku Ultra works great
Love it!
picture perfect
excellent work great with my Spectrum TV app?
good product
Easy set up
Best Roku device
Thank you.
Good product for the price
4K Video streaming
ROKU FAST
Love it!
ez pz
Works perfect
Roku Ultra
TV controls for the win
Worth the money!
Easy to use
None
Great addition to our TV
BEST IN THE BUSINESS
no more cable bills
GREAT alternative to cable!!
Fantastic - much better then Apple TV!
4k streaming!!!
?
Wonderful 4K Device!!
Good
High Quality Streaming in Minutes
Best bang
Very good
?????
Roku
Roku ultra flashing black screen
on and off functions don't work ..
LIGHTINING FAST
Works great!
Very Good Value
Very affordable.
Works well and easily.
Working great so far
Headphones included!!!
Very easy Easy to install
Great quality
Nice product
Delivery & product as promised!
Awesome
Awesome
Loved it
Lottsa TV
Good product for heavy streaming
Works great
Very small and looks nice
Like roku brand
Roku ultra
Great product
The Roku was great.
Roku
Great Product
Love
Works Great!
Plug, set up, Watch so many options
Best Streaming Player
Smart home needs it.
awesome
Gotta get this
Roku HD 4K
Roku Ultra is the best of Premier
Good product
Great product
Great
YouTube
Use it for everything
Love my ROKU!
Works flawlessly with Netflix, YouTubeTV, etc
works as intened
2017 model not 2018.
A Great Streaming Device
Roku
Great
Roku
No more cable for me!
Movies galore for FREE!!!
Very good
on time
Blazing Fast
Watch the various YouTube videos for connecting.
great
Great
Great value
works great
Works perfect
Volume control. 4K
Best streaming device
Exceeds expectations
Excellent
As expected... GOOD
Roku 4K
excellent quality ...
I love Roku
Works great
So easy to use.
Worth the purchase for sure
Nice
Love it
Thanks
Easy to Set up and Use
Roku Ultra
Love our Roku
Poor quality
Easy to install
Improves entertainment
Roku ultra
Buy again
Great box
So far,So Great!
Very user-friendly
Not supported Kodi!
Sweet Deal!!!
Great streaming!
Useless device
the way it works
Happy with new Roku!
Just what I wanted.
GREAT!!!!!
Very well plea6
wireless streaming
No more waiting for loading.
Excellent Product
best way to stream TV
Beautiful product
Roku better than Apple TV
Very good device, imo
Great buy
Ugh.....
Roku is the one!!!
Great value!
Awesome
A big improvement
Great game-free option for movie watching
Great priduct
Good
This roku ultra version much better
Great
Thank you!
User friendly
Quality Roku
Wonderful Product
None
Great value for money!
Performance worth higher price.
Roku Ultra
Excellent
Works great!
Very nice streaming!
Earplugs
Get this one
Worth the price
Loved the 1st one, this is my 2nd one.
Easy installation.
Great device.
love roku and britbox
I had a 2nd gen Roku and bought this. LOVE IT
Love it
Just as ordered
Very fast!
Great upgrade
Roku offers professional Tech Support!
My tv shows
Better then anything I?ve ever used and it?s completely smooth
Awesome purchase
Amazing Picture
Exactly what I was looking for
Good stuff
Extremely happy with my Roku
at 50% off, what's to complain about? (black friday sale)
Best Purchase!
Cut the cable cord
Simple setup, dependable, easy to use interface.
NO HDMI cable
Easy to use and perfect
Super product
Very versatile unit but one tiny shortcoming.
We are slingers mow
Faster boot faster search
Audio issues lag
That you need high speed Internet to use well
Does not come with hdmi cable so make sure you have one!
best ROKU ever
Upgrade from Roku 3 was worth it
It buffers a little too much!
Works great!  Very easy to use!
Perfect
I like it.
Thanks for a great buy !
Quality as expected
Works well
Excellent
Excellent
Various choices of streaming options.
Works Great
Love the roku
Most apps require a subscription.
Works perfect
A great product
Amazing!
Exactly what our non smart TV wanted
Not factory reset
Replaced Google Home with the Roku.
Wort buying
Save on tv expenses
Love it
Worth the Cost!
Best on the market
Can?t go wrong.
Good product
Bug in software.
Buy it,
Y en tiempo
Excellent product
Very easy to set up and use
Works great
So far so good
Its the only way to go
Worth the money
So glad I started streaming
very pleased
Neat device
My favorite!
Needs work
Works as advertised
Great item
Just as advertised
Remote tooks out 2 star
Works Great!
Cut the cord
Great, but could be better
We cut the cord with cable!
Need to get more information on how to utilize the complete benefit of using the unit.
Misleading description
Great remote
better than expected
Slightly different from my other Roku remote.
Good
Roku Ultra HD
Love this Roku
Sound cuts out
Love the new features!
Working as advertised
Quality
Amazing
Love it.
Works just like a remote and doesnt not need a mobile device to stream
Very easy to install.
Great
Love it!
remote is much better than for apple tv
Stream live tv
Great product
Easy Peasy
Love it!
Great device!
It does everything it was advertised to do and more
Roku mean channel and prime video can?t be added to my channel I tried serval Times
Didnt work after 2 weeks
Roku
Big money saver.
good product
easy to use
Quality
Easy install
Love this Roku
Great
Took away paying of rental box to cable career
Better ever
Easy to setup and navigate
Save money ? not spent on Cable
Great Product.
Streaming Services and the Ruko
Satisfied customer
Makes my dumb TV smart
decent
Excellent
Great purchase
It works perfectly.
x
Awesome
3rd Roku in my house
As expected and better
Games are needed
It?s great.
Good for the price
Easy instruction
Loved it
No need for an external Roku box with this Roku smart TV
Roku Ultra
Works As It Should
The roku is the best!
Quality
Amazing Product .
easy install
Great Product
King of the streamers!
Great with xfinity
Great
Ultra is the Ultimate
Excellent performance for the price
Good value
Gets us off cable
Excellent streaming device
SYNC PROBLEM WITH HULU
Easy
Good
Easy set up and works great.
Excellent
Does not work
Love this.
Good Value
NO
like it
Easy to use, great picture, sound. lots of content
Very fast
Good quality
Friendly and fast
Saves space, quality built, easy to use.
The goal
Works good
It works
Great value
Dont but this if your looking for KODI
Roku rocks!
Mi roku
Whats there not to love!
Just as described
crackling in the earphones
Picture Quality
good one
Easy to set up
nice device
Clear
Ugh
The best Roku yet!
A little spy inside your home
User friendly and myriad of applications to choose!
Nothing but issues
Stopped working after 2 weeks
Requires credit card to activate
Lousy Setup
Be Careful if Using USB!
Great Upgrade!
I despise this thing. Continuously reauthorizing Amazon Prime App
Great all purpose streaming device
firestick is miles ahead of roku!!!!!
Fantastic help for cutting the cord!
Complete and utter garbage product horrible customer service
I Love This Thing:
Roku makes Turner Classic movies alot more enjoyable
Roku Ultra vs. Amazon Fire Cube
Make suee you buy the Ultra with an ethernet port.
Beware the Model
Avoid the Roku express and premiere and get the ultra. It's well worth the extra money.
The Best Streaming Device on the Market
Supports just about every App you'd want
Roku, 4k Samsung TV and Sonos surround sound.
Does not deliver on expectations
You are crooks
Only a very, very few flaws...
Remote/headphones produced a loud, damaging, high pitched tone
Stay away from Roku!!!  Use anything else out there!
You will need to buy an HDMI cord; this model does not come with one
Missing one big function , like all other streaming devices.
Get a Roku...Get this Roku!
awesome with Directv Now
ROKU not true 4k
Works Great - Essential if you have Spectrum TV
I own three rokus and all three of then did not work properly anymore after just 6 month or so.
How to power off your roku using the remote.
Ultra is a great device, but improve the OS, too.
Poor customer support, audio failure..
Roku Ultra, not noticeably different from the Roku stick
Very pleased
Roku makes it easier and easier
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!
Model number confusion
This is a 2018 Christmas gift...
Ultra is the best!
Solid Roku with Limitations
Very nice Roku model / Great Black Friday pricing
Avoid if using PlayStation Vue App for bundle
Waste of money
So much better
Terrible customer service and does not honor 1 year warranty
Only the model makes me feel Bad.
Get this one. Not owned by Google or Amazon so dont need to deal with dropping services
Best Roku yet
HDCP error constantly.
Very Compact and Easy Set Up
great
Horrible Customer Service
BDW
Work fine and very happy with the unit.
Very nice..thats why I like it..becuase it is very nice
Great connection
Roku does provide a great picture and sound
Not good for mirroring
Ultra is great!
?
Highly Recommend
Have not use ruko
Pretty good streaming port!
My number 1
Best of the best
Great Roku
Solid buy
Volume issues
Value for your $$$
Easy to use
Easy set up no more haveing to keep up with two remotes.
Why would anyone buy this???
Great Experience!
Easy to use
nothing to complain about
Great product.  We got rid of monthly charges for two cable boxes
Simple to use and fast
It's great
Poor content library
The Roku is good.
Third device upgrade, the best yet!
Love it
Great
No Dolby Vision, adware
roku Ultra 2018 Edition
Roku devices are awesome
It's fast!
Fairly easy setup. Keeps forgetting Tv volume control.
This is the Roku to get if you want to use a USB.
Roku Ultra | HD/4K/HDR Streaming Media Player Voice Remote, Remote Finder & USB
As fast as it gets
Roku does it again
We have three Roku Ultras in our house and one streaming stick in the travel trailer
The ultra is the fastest for load and start up times. As well as the head phones jack.
Like Using it better than Smart TV
Best so far
Wonderful!
Best Roku so far
This is the RoKu to get
This is our third Roku
Works great
Cool features.
Great product!
You can never go wrong with a roku
Guest Room
Love this
Great
The cord is cut
I love my Roku!
Time to upgrade!
Better than expected
Great purchase!!
Thumbs Up? Roku
Replacement Roku
Works as advertised.
Works perfectly
This one works
Great product
convenient
Love my Roku
Roku is Great!
Great streamer
Great way to cut the cable
Like the updated remote
Excellent gift
Very satisfied customer
Good product, fair price, quick shipping!
a lot of stuff up there
A really good upgrade
Great price and quick shipping!
Good product!
Good device
One major flaw
Best ever
ea?y ?o ??e ??an? yo?we love it
Video and Audio great quality
Roku rocks
Best Roku Yet
Good quality
Remote and ear phone system doesn?t work consistently
Roku asks for too much info in their account set up process.
Great product that works well
Sweet!
Love it.  As described
Defective;
Definitely recommend
A great alternative to T.V.
I highly highly recommend this product
no more cable
Won't let you cast to it
Glitchy unusable
Best Roku yet
Works well.
It's Roku... what else needs to be said.
Highly recommended great product
Easy
Product
Roku 4k ultra nice. I avoid cable so this is great.
Great product
Great
Love it
Apple TV is nice but Roku Ultra takes things to the next level
Better Than Apple TV
Best Roku to date!
Short Battery Life
Best alternative to cable! Save!
No more buffering!
Great price
Meh
Awesome product!!!
That the product works well
Works well
Feature laden, easy to use
Doesn?t work properly.
Remote control stops working all the time. Very disappointing...
Best TV Option
Great buying experience of great product.
Great deal
Roku Ultra really rocks.
I can't stop watching TV
I use it every day
quality
Works great
Easy to use
Terrible device due to remote not powering off unit and Xfinity app terrible.
Great Selection of apps for Streaming
Defective Remote
What can I say other than it's a Roku and it's fast!
Perfect!
The more expensive roku is better
Disappointed
Batteries were totally dead after just a couple of days!
Great deal
Great Product
Thank you Roku Ultra
Works well withou hassle...
Roku
No mute on remote
Roku is great!
A must have
Even better then the 3
Roku has never disappointed...
Don't be fooled by the cheaper models!
Replaces a Roku 3, setup was easy
Roku...we're glad we updated.
Great roku.
Best Roku and a top streamer.
It is faster
Remote finder!!
Great streaming video player - lots of features and easy to use
Excellent upgrade from Roku 3 I love.
Model 466X2 Remote problems, Apps are dated (way old), No Bluetooth
Well worth the money!
Roku Ultra is a GOOD product
Apple TV is the best
This is obviously a great product, but you must have the right type ...
airplay with apple products
Similar to Roku with exception of a few more apps
Disappointed after coming home to Apple
Super fun for the whole family - even those who have trouble with technology
So Many Remotes!
Simply awesome! I do a lot of keynote presentations and ...
SENDING THIS BACK ??
Difficult to Use
Overpriced, not as good as FireTV products
I?m not sure what took so long!
Worked great, just like our others
Great upgrade with a weird remote!
Garbage product, continually fails!
Satisfied customer!
This by far had is the best. If your serious about no buffering in your ...
Check your other devices if it?ll be compatible with this before buying.
Why make it so complicated
Controller already not working
Apple TV is AWESOME!
Great for what you need!
Barely functions at best.
Just okay
Come on Apple
Terrible product. Had to throw away and go back to earlier version.
Great purchase! Little more money gets you better version
I hate Apple..but dang is this thing sweet! (but only this version)
Needs separate HDMI cable
A requirement in my AV setup
Love it
You need this! This is life! Buy the cord with it though!
Five Stars
Trackpad remote is terrible!
Apple Never Disappoints
Yes, the remote is out of line
Like it and hate it
Great Upgrade to Previous Generations
REMOTE SUCKS
In fact it looks like you can
One of apple hidden gems
Product is good, but was not updated properly prior to being sent to me
Best TV box out there
Finally replaced my Cable TV with Apple TV
Does not work with my Sony Sound System
LOVE THIS!
Great box - HORRIBLE REMOTE
It?s okay
Its so fun!
Nice if you don?t have a 4K TV
Frustrating black screen
We love it
Wireless ? All it does is constantly load
Used/refurbished - NOT NEW
Great upgrade vs. 3rd gen., and apps are cool.
On month in....blinking blackouts began
Smart House!
Great product - UI needs improvement
Love this device!
Remote is horrible
There is a known connectivity problem.
NOT AS EASY AS ROKU'S REMOTE
Does not have Spectrum TV app
Navigation and search are great
Easy to Set Up and Use
Can?t go wrong
Needs a more user friendly remote
Don?t like the mousepad function.
So far so good
Very Happy!
Love minus the remote
Remote design is horrible
Like it but is missing the wow- factor
The UI is great but the remote is a bit flakey
Works. mostly.
Amazing to use
Great product
Four Stars
love apple tv
I'm very impressed with my Apple TV. A major improvement to the latest Apple TV. It's awesome. You have to experience it to know
Fantastic Investment!
Absolutely love Apple TV. The streaming is just done right. Highly recommend it.
Easy setup - some performance glitches
nice setup
So far so good
Worth the premium over my old Roku
A must buy
Forget about web browsing.
the picture and sound are better. It did take me a little time to ...
Best best!
Crapple
AppleTV gen 4 can download apps
Apple product - why get anything else?
Wow!
The remote is much more fragile than I thought, but there's an app for that.
Good device but don?t care for the remote
Overly sensitive remote
Works great. I'm not a big fan of the new ...
More apps = More enjoyment!
I swear apple TV has the best picture quality of all the streaming devices
Elegant, flawless design
Easy to set up and use
Ok product
It?s okay
Works Great, Love it!
Great Product
Awesome. Great UI
Remotes suck.
Great Buy
A nice tool
There?s always something ?good? to watch with Apple TV
Perfect college dorm gift
Very Disappointed
It?s pretty annoying when you have to keep restarting because it ...
Be Patient
Happy Customer!
Don?t buy
love it
great product
LOve it
4th gen does not mean 4K
Apple Rules!
Love watching everything in one place
Christmas gift
Good product. Sometimes the light don't go off right ...
Good for cordcutters
Love Apple TV
Easy to setup and use
Remote is really bad.
This Apple TV is so nice, it?s going to make you update your HD ...
Much improved, easy to use remote.
Great Apple product
Great buy
Great usual Apple quality...
get a remote case
Awesome buy
amazing possibilities
Apple options are pretty good!
We end up using our old silver remote and it is much better. My kids who are very good with technology ...
Works as expected. Can?t use at most hotels.
Compared to the old remote the new one is very ...
Excellent! Beyond my expectations!
ANOTHER GREAT PRODUCT FROM APPLE
What did we do before apple.
My first upgrade since 1st generation Apple TV
Four Stars
Product works great! We has an older gen apple tv
Do not mistake it for 4K
upgrad to 4th generation - it's worth it
Super! Thanks for asking!
Much faster than the Gen 1
Uses regular remote control!!
Great
This is it for me I?m not buying apple any more
Apple
Ok
just like most things Apple
apple tv
I love it!!
I would have given it 5 stars except for a ...
Love that the remote can learn IR commands to control ...
Five Stars
Yup
Waste of time and energy
As advertised
Works well
Great way to cut the cord
Upgrad for extra room
Five Stars
Awesome tv box
It takes some getting used to
Great product - not 4K
Love the swipe remote
Appears to be as described.
Apple TV
Fantastic Apple TV
I've always loved Apple products
Remotes a little funky but overall rocks!
100% Better than firestick
Like most Apple products, high quality, easy to use.
Easy to use.
Excelente
Easy to install.
Love it
Not good ?
Not worth the money lots of glitches
Easy As ABC
Excellent. As described and fast delivery.
Very happy
Very nice Apple TV and turned out to be a great gift
Pleasantly Surprised
Five Stars
Remote is terrible
That it comes ASAP
SAVE money!!
Love Apple TV!!!
Apple excellence
Working fine but no HDMI in the box
Easy to Use
PERFECTION
Perfect
?rocks
A real apple- ??
Wonderful!
Love it
Love my Apple TV.
Five Stars
Should have gotten his years ago
Great for men
A great replacement for cable.
Five Stars
Love all the new features
Works great
Apple TV
Love it
Siri will find your Youtube videos for you ....
Total Crap
Four Stars
It is all that and more
Thank you!
Cast from your iPhone!
You can?t beat Apple
still a good product
Remote can be painful
Excellent!
Versital
Apple TV 4th Gen
So happy
One for every room!
Get one!!
Love Apple TV
A
Apple Tv
Good quality and easy to use.
Fun, But Controller Doesn't Work Well
Excellent
Great product
Five Stars
Had it for month's A+
Great if you an iPhone; saves awkward moments waiting for disappointing ?hilarious? videos
A bit hard to set up, but great tech support got me up to speed.
Love my AppleTV
Love it
Great product
Love my new Apple TV
Five Stars
That you can add so many apps to your tv enjoyment by having an apple product.
Five Stars
Awesome product
EASY TO INSTALL
Nice Integration of Streaming Services
but I'm happy with the product overall
Five Stars
As expected feom Apple
A must to work with your iPhone or iPad.
Five Stars
Four Stars
... took us a while to figure out what we enjoy our AppleTV
Love it!
Works well
Easy everything? set up, use, etc.
Remove unfriendly
Easy to use awesome picture
Five Stars
Works great.
Easy to use
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for the family to enjoy
Easy Install
Love it!!
Great product
Two Stars
Five Stars
Great,  it I don?t like the remote.
Five Stars
For tv instead cable
Good buy
Don?t loose the remote.
Great
Apple TV is Apple TV
Awesome!
Very happy with all three
That its a great product
New Apple TV is great!
... the product is working as it should work I love
Would recommend
Great interface
Love it!
Five Stars
Love it!
Bluetooth headphone option.
The center of our family room entertainment
works
Good device
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Very easy to use.
Good product
LOVE IT
A++++
quick and easy
Easy to setup and use
Amazing!!
Five Stars
Great
Easy to use remote
Worlds ahead of previous versions
Great
Love it!
Great
Lots of options
Five Stars
Amazing Product
Happy
Love this
It works perfect
Saving us money
I love not paying the cable company.
New Apple Remote suuuuucks
Love
Gift
Great product.
Five Stars
??
great
Great investment
10-Oct
A+
:)
Five Stars
It s great to be able to speak the commands
Great Product!
Cool GUI, remote needs work.
Aersome
Five Stars
We love Apple TV!!
It runs great and I can load up all of my apps ...
Upgraded from the Gen1
Goodbye Dish Network!!!
Voice remote and ability to enter passwords via iPhone is a nice touch.
Excellent
Remote automatically controls other components, but is not intuitice
Worst remote EVER.
It?s Apple TV what could go wrong
Have wifi avail or eithernet line! For internet! Love it!
so good. My old Apple TV unit was hobling along
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Great product, great seller.
Sweet
Five Stars
No useful instrutions on how to set-up and/use
Excelent product!!
Awesome!
Worth it
Worth the price difference.
Ease in set up.
Good
REMOTE LITTLE HARD TO USE
I love this device
The only apple product I like.....
Love this new device
Five Stars
Very useful
Great
Five Stars
Easy to use after getting used to
Easy to set up
Wounderful
Four Stars
Best Apple TV Ever
Apple Scores Big
Five Stars
Good product.
Easy
Three Stars
Remote didn't work
Five Stars
Great quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Totally Pleased!!
Easy setup, much easier with Bluetooth keyboard.
Good product
great buy
Good
Practico y ?til
Great Update
Five Stars
Ease of use
Great great product
Great
Five Stars
Wonderful product !
Love it
That you can?t go wrong with Apple products
She loved it!
Great Product!
Great purchase
Everything Apple is superior
Not happy with this product
Love this product
Five Stars
Meets Expectations!!
Love it. Had older versions and this one is ...
Good job
Easy to install
Very nice
Great purchase
Apple is Awesome
Excelente
exactly what i needed to get rid of cable tv providers
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
look so good
Apple tv rules!!!
Thumps up
Just as easy as they say!
Five Stars
Love my Apple TV
Fast
So excited
Quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
User friendly
It apple and it just works. Now that you ...
Good
Awesome
No more cable
Great product
Wonderful
Great Apple product!
Love AppleTV
Easy purchase
Five Stars
Easy to setup and use
Amazing!
Five Stars
Wow I?m impressed
Five Stars
Great!
Good speed love it
Great purchase!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Apple TV
Good product
In love with the 4th gen
Five Stars
Not worth it
Great product as expected
Good
It?s important to know that the Apple TV request connectivity with another?s iOS
Quick delivery
Amazing
Fast ship
It?s tight
Quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
An excellent option for programming without cable or satellite TV
Apple TV is awsome
Five Stars
prompt delivery and as-advertised product.
I prefer ROKU for its intuitiveness over Apple.
Remote is awful
Bought this ~2 months ago and it's already blinking and ...
The Remote Control unit is a letdown.
Voice activation and streaming rentals on iTunes!
great new product
Five Stars
Forced upgrade is fine
Cut the cord from your cable service provider with this device!
Great buy!
... still trying to get used to it but I love
Five Stars
The remote is a little hard to getting used to
Worthless
The O/S is full of bugs and the design of the remote is incredibly bad
No HDMI Cable included
Apple TV in Foreign Lauguage!!
Best Ever
Within the first week of having the apple TV we ...
One Star
This thing sucks
Died shortly after warranty expired, customer service is non existent
Disappointed in Apple
Great technology; a little too sleek
Five Stars
MUST PURCHASE HDMI CABLE
Don?t waste your time
All three Apple TV's I own have progressively crashed worse and worse as they aged
Disappointed
Don?t buy
it is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. It has a touchpad that is so sensitive ...
A GLASS Remote?!?!?!
Too Cheap to Supply HDMI Cord
Great streamer terrible remote
Overpriced, no HDMI cable, remote difficult to use
Waste of time and money. Totally frustrating.
Xfinity Comcast users Beware 4th gen apple TV - Data Hog....Even when in sleep mode
ATV-4K is an excellent streaming device
Network Unavailable
Faffy remote and a slave to iTunes
We purchased a Roku Streaming Stick to replace it and love the thing
My device will not let me have color on all ...
The worst technology from Apple yet!!
I hate this thing.  Wish I did not buy.
Good product, but Roku has it beat in most areas.
The remote utterly ruins this product.
Roku? NO WAY!!!
Switching to Roku
Great overall product, remote is frustrating to use
Three Stars
This is stupid. Apple has gone so far down hill
Do Not Buy-Wifi Chip Defect
I really like what the AppleTV offer?a combination I have not found ...
Awesome experience so far.
You always get what you pay for.
Best streaming box I've ever owned.
Apple TV is the worst
Good, but leaves much to be desired.
Great streamer but? the remote
If you like a normal remote, be advised, this remote is tricky to use.
Very impressed!
Good tech ruined by a absolutely garbage remote
Buy a Roku TV instead
Frequent crashes and freezing
If I could give this thing -5 stars, I would.
Good product but the remote is AWFUL!
Controller works weird after couple months
Device worked fine for 16 months
Easy setup, sometimes frustrating controls
Killed my network
DO NOT BUY
Won't play iTunes movie collection
Five Stars
Awful Remote!
Tragically Flawed
Works Seamlessly PSVUE
So easy to use!
Junk
WAS great
Easy to use and install
Very laggy and will just go to a black screen every once and a while
Remote is kind of annoying
This device is garbage. Mine crashes at least once a week
Hate everything about it
Please apple make the remote bigger
Amazon & Apple don't play well together.
Evidently need a PHd to use it.
F
Apple TV = Garbage
One Star
I don?t like Apple TV
Typical Apple stuff
Great Accessory
LOVE IT. Great upgrade.
Download apps
Fast shipping
Great!
I find Roku has a better
Eh.
Amazing
Can?t live without!
Five Stars
Little flakey
Fantastic, highly recommend.
No more cable T.V.
Works much better than gen 1 and like the expanded offering of channels
It's Apple so of course it's great!!
Outstanding work.
TV
Three Stars
Works Perfect!
Five Stars
Great technology
It?s Apple TV
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Five Stars
Great!
Love
very good :)
Five Stars
Good product
Great device I love it
A Quirky Little Box
Remote is sensitive and easy to lose
Remote too sensitive
Excellent Product
grandson very happy
Something new
Apple products Rock
Buyer beware!
Poor WiFi reception and delay on 'screen mirroring '
"Out of all these (four) - the AppleTV is next to worst"
Works perfect
Replacement for my lost one
Awesome, no more cable
Works well
Five Stars
Everything costs extra
Great Product / Annouing Remote
The best option for Spectrum cable subscribers
so easily! Much cheaper than trading in my perfectly good ...
exceeds expectations and lightning fast!
Maybe Better than Firestick
Long term Quality issues with Wi-Fi.
Great if you like watching the word ROKU bounce up ...
Good product - eats data
Newer updated design.
The best Streaming device on the market, bar NONE!
Pretty Awesome
The don?t have quality control.
Very easy to install and use.
For the cost this is a no brainer.
Minor improvements over previous editions.
Certified Refurbished, High Quality
Happy Roku #2
I like Fire better, but this works
Not as many features as my Fire Sticks
Perfect solution for a box free life.
Hollow remote and cheap Roku box
It's Great but....
Booo!!  Freezes!
Got sent defective product and couldnt return
We are a Roku family.
Beware
We love ROKU!!!
I'm very happy with my basic Roku
Very annoying..
Good for Amazon and YTube
Love roku!
Audio cuts out a lot
Like brand new
If you?ve never tried one but it
Works great, but I have to restart it a lot
You Don't Always Get What You Expect
Roku is a Winner!
Does what it needs to
Streaming on a budget
FANTASTICO
must have wifi available
Great content on Roku, some ad driven channels
Works like it should
Reconditioned Unit Works Well
Great for parents
Refurbished model and had issues within a month
Perfect for the streamers
Defective remote x2
slow and laggy
Disappointed in this buy.
Love this thing
Works great but Power Cord was Damaged...
Love the Roku Express!
Best invention ever
It works as advertised
This item was inadequately tested prior to shipment thus the ...
Exactly what I needed!
Disconnects itself from my network
Small sleek roku box
Would  a new one be any better
Overheats
Great Device!! Roku has made many improvements!
It works
Cord wayyyy too short
Came with a broken remote
Referbished products work fine
another fine roku
Perfect for additional television since the new digital switch but ...
It does the job very well...no issues
In love with this product.
Great!
This Roku Keeps Saying Not Enough Power
Comes with the batteries!!!
What a great deal!
THE WORST
Very good in classroom
Nope.
It's so easy to install.
Needed human help to activate
It?s a Roku everybody loves Roku
Didnt work upon arrival
Essential for any Non Smart TV Owners
Good value
Best Roku system.
Roku Express
I cannot recommend Roku enough
Good device
Excellent!
How can you not love Roku ?
Excellent small ROKU device
Broken, not refurbished
AWSOME
Get rid of cable!
Works Great
Streaming only but good product
So glad I purchased
Easy and sooo worth it.
roku takes care of the smart tv problem
Happy customer
my most favorite roku yet - love the remote
As expected
Easy setup.
Light weight
Love it!
I love the roku
Power button????
I bought this reconditioned because I was given another one ...
Do not buy a refurbished Roku!
Easy to Install and Great to Use!
this remote is simple no port for headphone.
Great product!  Would definitely buy this again.
DO NOT BUY REFURBISHED!!
This Item is great! It saved me from having to Buy New ...
If it?s refurbished, make sure it works, ?
Awesome Streaming Device
Great Value
Great
Was great at first
Faster streaming
Roku is a leader in streaming devices
Works great for streaming and has many options.
Roku express love it!
Works great
Works as advertised
Roku Rocks!
Excellent buy
works great
Great deal
Really a good deal.
Great replacement roku
Doesn?t work
Great picture; rarely buffers.
BEST in Biz for APPs APPs APPs
Pretty Good Deal
Nice Unit
Great apps including Youtube TV available. Much better than Fire Stick.
Awesome device
roku express
Roku rocks
My 3rd roku
Turn your old screen into a smart TV
Well worth the low price
Good Value
Pretty good deal
This is a waist of money
Buy it you like it
Great product!
Easy to install
Nice
No
Great product cant go wrong.....
Great device. For the price
Roku
Great gift idea!
Disappointed!!!
Worked Perfectly!
Going for two
Works Very Well
Excellent product`
Good deal I've ordered 2 more of these!!
Multi channels. And cut cable bills.
It?s okay
Easy to use
Won't stay connected
Works great
Good Product
Streaming stick
Does not work don't stay on
Works well
Awesome
Great Product
Remote not working could not set up Roku box
Love it
Go Roku
awesome
It's a great product if you need it.
Exactly what we needed
Didn't work
Great.product.
love this and really easy to add HBO etc VS
BUYERS BEWARE!!!
Roku
Great product.
Got it quickly and setup in 10 minutes.
Broken cords
Peace in the living room
Five Stars
good
Thank you
Five Stars
Worked couple weeks then quit
Great value!
roku device
Watch all the movies you want
Love it
Great product
Happiness !!
Love it!
Very Upset
Works Great
Recommended
Good Product
No problems.
Good to go
Easy to hook up
Love it
So glad we bought a ROKU LOVE IT!
Like
Dont stress bc its not brand new!
bad
Love it
Check it out!
Works very good  be sure to make sure its the model you need.
quality
Great.
Excelente
Five Stars
Easy to install
Works great
Quality and fun
Five Stars
Stopped working in less than two months
Works great
Definitely a must-buy. I just love it
Weak signal
Easy to use
Works
Five Stars
Good price
Four Stars
Worked perfectly.
Works Great
Works for me
Five Stars
Works Well for me
Freezes in the middle of watching TV
Refurbished but works like new
Causes power failures
Excellent value/ easy to use
I ordered this refurbished roku trying to same money and ...
Love it
satisfecha
Great buy!!!!
More options than cable or direct TV.
great product
Five Stars
Best bang for the buck
One Star
Great
Doesn?t work in Canada!
this ROKU works better then the older one
Good product
Okay
Works good!
Tv
Like Amazon?s firestick bette
Greatest $25 ever spent
Love.
Wonderful!
I love it.
Five Stars
Was fine for the first 6 months
Love Roku
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Nice
Cheaper than a comcast box
Too much blinking
Five Stars
Happy Customer
Love my Roku
Easy and affordable.
Five Stars
Simplicidad
EASY
Last one I bought was in 2013 this new ones a big Improvement
Awesome
Completely satisfied
$25, what!!!???
Easy set up. Great product.
Great
Good Price
F?cil uso
Perfect
Open box!
Worst product!
Roku is great television
Lets me watch TV in the RV in the woods by teathering.
Good product
Lleg? de buena calidad
Love it
Five Stars
Easy use machine
Works great
Great buy
Roku express
Five Stars
Not worth it
I love it
A great buy
Me encant?
Five Stars
Great product, great price.
I don?t dare buy refurbished again
Worked fine until now
great
Easy to install, 5 minutes, you are watching your selections.
Perfect
Is well designed & easy to navigate
Will not Disappoint!!!:-)
Awesome product
Works well
DO NOT BUY
Five Stars
No more cable bill!
Easy to install
You CAN NOT stream TV from Comcast/Xfinity
It's downloads apps pretty fast.
Roku
Picture great
Make sure you have a power outlet close by
Work as promised
Works good
A little bit out dated
If you buy this product it's not a guarantee you will see TV as you always do
Excellent product!
Awesome
Great price...!!
Fine for the money, but not Roku's best.
Easy setup
Five Stars
Easy Installation and works great.
... about how you can turn your TV into a Smart TV and it really works
Many of these remotes dont work
Great product
Love it.
Arrived timely and in good condition. Installed easily and works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Nice product
Looks like new.
Bad picture quality
Make certain all items function properly.
Worry free purchase
Works Great
Great roku
Simplicity at its' finest.
Just a hassle to order and not be working.
Great quality
Thank you
Great gift for the holidays!
Great Product
No issues
I already have a Roku-equipped TV in my office; ...
Excellent reconditioned Roku
Fast delivery
Non functional
Refurbished and remote does not work
Easy
Works great
Ok for my money
Five Stars
Great Quality
Roku
Five Stars
Enjoying
Love It!
Nice
Remote Issues
Nice
#cabelforwhat
Don?t waste your money
awesome!
Refurbished
Great picture
Had to return it. Didn't work.
Works good
Great buy
Compact
Excellent
Good buy
Ya e comprado 4
Roku os great
Defective. Not working.
How to install it
New to Roku
It come in handy
Roku better then Fire Stick
Quality product. Is as advertised.
Works great
works with olod tv
19.99 to active
Works just as well as a new/unused one.
Can't Go Wrong with Roku
Deber?a haber 1 en cada hogar
Five Stars
Very good
That it works!
Good buy
Bad power cord
Plenty of channels unlike cable
Works great
Never let down!
Have a problem with product
Great value!
Could be better
Review
The product was defective
Works well
Great Streaming Device
Great ?
Love it!
Reliable product!!!
Worth the money
Not bad
Cable is garbage
Great value
Roku
Lo mejor
Signal is weak. WiFi isnt the issue
Simple
One Star
That woks fine
Awesome
Roku Express
They're awesome
Did Not Work
Awesome
Easy to use and set up. Grandma loves it
Excellent buy
Quit working
Good bye cable.
So small
Five Stars
Love it
P?simo
EVERYTHING IS OK
Faulty product...
Excelente
Worth every cent no more in and out.
Two Stars
?
Meh
We love this roku
Amazon rocks
?
No voice control
Better than the Roku stick
Five Stars
We use roku in place of wired spectrum boxes. They work nicely
Trash
Just nk
simple & great
Open up your life!
Great Alt to cable
Roku
Scrolling
They are pretty neat!
Good quality
USB connecter to stick was broken
Perfecto
Five Stars
Works with almost all apps flawlessly
Got to make a ruku account
Nice
Roku Express is great!
Will buy again
Kiddos love it
Fast shipping
Came with all cords
Great product
Nice
Excelente compra
there is a delay from when u push a button
Love My Roku
Doesn't drop internet like old ones
Easy to use
Love Roku
This works great!
Three Stars
This product makes washing TV great.
Defective
Five Stars
Malo
Roku
Refurbished
Roku
great
It works great
Great product
Remote is junk already
Mas o menos
Roku
Excelente
Very user friendly
Must subscribe alot
Buy new ,not problems
Easy to use and install
I enjoy using the Roku Express!
Thank you
Can?t set up a replacement. It keeps kicking out the card used for guarantee.
Good product
Nice
Great bargain.
Five Stars
good product
Works great with 1080p tv
Great item.
Roku Express
great product
??
Five Stars
Five Stars
I don?t think it?s for every tv
I returned.
Roku
Good product but don?t buy refurbished!
... Turkey with Netflix and screen mirroring is also works fine awesome device with it's
Great for family room
Love it!
Great price!!
Works well
Unhappy with the Ruko. I would like a refund
Has a defect
Happy I bought this!!!
Love the Roku Express
Do not buy a refurbished model. They don?t work!
Great to use!!!
Roku
Incredible device!
Easy to install and works great
Best product ever!
good $
Muy buena compra
Very easy to use
Excelente
?
Can't download some streaming services
Free programs and movies
Price is good
Easy to install
Easy to use
Good item
Works like a charm!
The picture
excelent product, thanks amazon!
It is very easy to use
Offer good
Worked as new
Great deal
Love Roku
It?s fast
It's ok
Buy it!
Wouldn?t know it was ?refurbished? - better than brand new!
Perfect
That you're in good hands
Unreliable device.
Love it
Fast delivery
Fast delivery and product as described
Great
Five Stars
Dont like it
Must Buy!
Easy to install, easy to use
Easy to install
Nice
Good product
YEEEESS!!
LIES!!!!
If this is your second roku don't do it.
money saver !!! works with Alexa ,and refurbished is just as good as a brand new one only cheaper!
Great product, I have one for every room in ...
So much better than my old Angry Birds edition
Gret Product
LOVE ROKU! Bought this stick plus 4 express for ...
Great deal for the price
A great Roku model
Im so happy!
Missing items but works!
Control No Sirve
Five Stars
Satisfecha
BE WARNED, SUPPORT IS NOT HELPFUL IF YOU HAVE PLAYBACK ISSUES. IF YOU LIKE VRV LISTEN UP
Did not work and had to return
Widespread WiFi failures
lifespan if a carton of milk
Loose port for connecting Roku to television set
not as pictured
Roku unit is very good.
Roku has no support for this device once you buy it
Works just fine
Wifi Craps Out after a few months!
Spend the extra $5 and get the stick.  The express does not have RF remote control it TV volume
Wi-Fi capability died
Overheats like crazy- threw mine away
My gift did not work- I am now in the doghouse ... Thanks Amazon
remote stopped working... others have had the same problem
I like it.
Good device
Streamline streaming
?
Love Roku anything!
Easy
Works great
Great product and service!!!
FANTASTIC!
Great price and quality!
Easy to Install.
Great cord cutter.
Its roku need I say any more!!
Simple
You don?t need a smart tv when you have a Roku
Roku
Quick shipping, Works well
Its really changed. What a nice upgrade.
Great Product
Very easy to use
Excellent quality!
I need another one of these but until then it ain't doing me no good bye
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome
Super
Four Stars
Tv
Good buy
Good investment
Met my expectations
Item just as described
Love my Roku
Good Refurb
Awesome!
Great
Will buy another one soon
Awesome roku
ABSOLUTELY ZERO SUPPORT
Very easy to use.
Very easy to set up.
Easy to use
Price and easy use
Convenient
Like new right out of the box.
Graet
Not worth it
The roku worked very well and I can still view everything I  did with the cable boxes
Excelente
Dumb to smart in a snap!
Remote burns through batteries
Roku
Easy to use
good buy
What you expect from Roku!
Quite good bang for the buck
Save cable box does the same thing pays for itself
Happy
Easy to use, good price
Cheaper tv
I was missing out!!
Great buy
Cut the cable, get Roku!
Received item is NOT the item described or pictured!!
As described
A lot of potential - still needs work
Works amazingly well (still some design quirks)
Solid Device
Finally turning off the dish thanks to this box
Features to control anything outside of the "Smart TV" apps is lacking
Completely regret buying.
EDITTED: Most expensive paperweight ever
Just Awesome
FTC Can Only Get Better!
Don?t even bother with this crap in the box.
Limited Functionality, Proprietary Channels, & Obtrusive Ads
Not ready for "prime" time...
I haven?t been out of my bed in weeks with the Fire TV Cube. 5+ stars!
Does NOT interpret voice commands accurately at ALL
Don't waste your money, not all echo features will work, to many wires very messy.
Enjoy it so far
So far, I love it.
Would not connect to Internet
If you use a VPN Buyer Beware
Lacking optical audio output
Great Tech Buy For A Smart Home
Not impressed.
Surprisingly Good
Alexa has a mind of her own
Does not support Youtube TV and a number of streaming apps like Roku does
Doesn't work
Good, bad, ugly of fire TV Cube
Amazing picture!
Fire TV Cube is a mess
Too slow and outdated
It Has Potential
Excellent for what it is
Poor remote design
Least liked Echo device
Netflix does not work on cube
Sports programing is lacking, voice control is only useful for turning on/off TV
Scam
Not the best, wouldn't recommend until they update
So far so good!
It?s a Cube.
Not friendly, at least when using with DirectvNOW
Disappointed and let down by this device... switching to a different one soon.
Good, but not good enough.
Cool idea but it needs work
Good luck configuring Ethernet
disappointed and not worth it - does not support CASTING
No multi-room music on the cube.  Dealbreaker!
Fire TV Cube = voice + remote : not truly hands free
Doesn?t work consistently
Nothing but problems
Wayyyyy better than it's given credit for when set up fully/properly
A long way from living up to what Amazon says the product can do.
Controls power, but can't do stuff the TV Stick can do
Works Great, but it is crashing/making my TV unresponsive a LOT
Fire Cube vs. Roku Ultra
Sorry but nope!
DOLBY ATMOS?
Happier with my cheaper fire tv stick
Voice control is pretty sweet...which it didn?t pause tv when talking to Alexa
Tried to live with the bugs but had to return (and pay restocking fee)
Careful what its connected to.
BLUETOOTH HEADPHONES.......WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hoped For Something Better
This was free and I'm still returning it
Too many nuances - Multiple Cubes fail
The Jury Is Still Out
Video playback works beautifully, but...
Good device but you'll still need your remotes
Out with the old. In with the Cube!
Great concept but weak implementation and hardware design
It?s okay... better options are out there.
Sounds syncing issues. Terrible product so far.
Total Dissapointment
The Cube is so bad I returned it.
Not completely useless.. does almost as much as a Firestick/Dot combo for $25 more. Almost..
Has potential, but basically a Beta product at the moment.
Daily Errors & Plagued by Issues
Beware the toddler overlord, hungry for power.
Decent Product but basic features still missing
Awesome product!! So happy we upgraded!!
Voice Control Fail
Half as capable as a standard echo, feels like a step back instead of an upgrade.
alexa on fire
Runs YouTube without Ad! Better than any other players
Hands free, totaly connected multimedia home theater.
Im happy with it.
Non functional with Comcast X1 system
Broke my HDMI CEC controls - Not a replacement for Harmony Hub
Disappointing user interface
Absolutely the worst purchase I've made in years.
it works but!
Complete Garbage
I paid for this device why am I being inundated with ads?
Could have been great, but misses the mark
Strengths & Opportunities
Excellent! Cable Cutters Rejoice!
I am fairly happy with mine
DONT BUY THIS! Doesn?t work reliably has major design flaws
Amazing device! Practicing different phrases to figure out what works best for your needs.
Wish we could return.
Doesn't "controll" the TV,
Its is not an echo and a fire tv combined
Vastly improved and easily connected
Pro's and cons
Too many problems to be useful
Works great even cable out of US.
won'nt work
A waste of money and an investment in frustration is the Fire TV Cube
This little cube has become an integral part of my home entertainment system
Just Isn?t Working Out
Weak Sound unreliable alexa support
Good hardware, mediocre software, horrible customer service
fabulous tool for the elderly
Wow wow wow wow ONE REMOTE FOR ALL
Not compatible with Directv Now streaming
A Proud Cord Getter  :)
FireTV user since 2014. They still don't get it.
Downgrade from 4K Fire Stick
Almost the device I want.
Plays a Fox TV commercial now for "24 Legacy"
Wait for the next gen or major software fix if they ever bother making one.
Only does a little of what I wanted.
Not worth the hassle...
Cool but not cool
roku  you can  ask questions
No 4K for many 4k TV's
Doesn?t work. Customer Service couldn?t help.
Still way to many features missing.
Not a Hands-Free Device and Very Frustrating Set-Up.
Good basic FireTV services, a lot of unrealized potential, expensive for what is does
voice commands are useless
Exceptional
Avoid like the plague...
Disappointed
Super dissapointing
Not ready!!
Bad Remote
Ripped off
Not ready for prime time.....
Smart and sleek
No better than an echo and a stick
Why, Amazon? Why did you let this happen?
Missed The Mark
Great device
A work in progress
Less problems with the fire stick
Throw away the universal remote.
Get the 4K Fire Stick
Less Desirable
Awesome, but not quite perfect
No Youtube TV
So far I love it
LOVE IT!!!
Sound cuts in and out
There are issues with this product
Garbage.  Prime Video always out of sync.
I Wouldn't Buy This Again
Uninstalled after just a few months.
Okay but still needs refining
Don't waste your money!  It's NOT worth it!!
Alexa has the ball....she shoots.....and misses.
Oh My Goodness
I should have done this sooner...
The Amazon TV Cube makes me feel right at home.
Easy setup and controls all your equipment but has room for improvement
Disappointing, cumbersome, slow, unstable
Absolutely Terrific!!
Alexa connection & other problems
Our Entertainment Life Got a Huge Upgrade
Consider why you're buying it before deciding.
Very Promising!
I Almost Deducted One Star  UPDATE:  I deducted two.
Dead on arrival
Did not come with all-new remote. Do not buy! - UPDATED
Idea is great, but needs refinement
Amazing hardware quality but lacking features to be the go-to streaming device
The Cube isn?t perfect but is still AMAZING here?s why:
Non technical review from first gen fire tv to the cube
So attractive with that sleek ebony body and solitary wandering blue eye...
Pretty good, definitely could be better and fixed the issue with audio sync
I had to buy the Cube because that is all they had, My fireTv was not working with Recast
ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!
A WAST OF MONEY
TV Cube, more expensive and not as good as a Firestick+Dot.
Alexa just does wrong thing.
Still needs work! Go with the Fire TV 4k and save money
Works with Samsung - Tip for opening the remote
Great for Lazy People Like Me
Cannot string commands
Piece of Junk
Amazon Fire TV Cube and streaming. Really good in some areas but some shortcomings, needs some work.
Easy to set up and it works!
It does everything I expect it to and more!
Minimal Commands & Intermitent Muting.
Pretty great addition - missing a few key functions
Great potential, but crippling software
Does not work properly
Worth the Wait... Works great.. BUT
Thought this might replace my Harmony Hub - not even close!
ALL Alexa devices are CRAP & just KEEP GETTING WORSE!
Works as Advertised (was: Unrealized Potential)
I love this little thing...
Alexa is apparently a necessary evil
Does not support newer Spectrum Digital Box to control the TV.  Updated 12/30/18
User interface needs to be like roku
Don't get rid of the remote yet
Not fully thought through or ready for prime time. Hoping it will be in time with updates...
Solid product if you can get it under 100.
It broke first day- but I got it working again
Great device, great features, annoying watchlist issue
Updated Review - Much better performance, and fantastic customer support from Amazon
An functional product but still needs work
Glitchy
Excellent with lots of potential
Amazing! Better then I expected! The 4K Ultra HD is OUTSTANDING!
Terrible Product Don't Waste Your Money
I was happy...
Work's, but doesn't play nice with others.
True universal remote solution--better than alternatives!
Caution when buying this product.
Mostly Awesome. Glaringly missing a few features other Echo devices have.
Upgrade from Fire TV box
The Cube hooked up and worked from day 1 ....
Does not work
Let down for an alexa device
Does everything you want it to and more
It controls your entire home theatre.
beta firmware
Slow & Buggy, Buyer beware!
So far it's OK
not ready for prime time...
Love it
Great for this cord cutter
Impressive
First time I've been disappointed with an Amazon device
Face palm
Good concept...slow execution
Almost Amazon, Almost. . .
Just love the unit, it's the best out of the Fire TV/ Stick Series, even Better than the 4K Stick
Frustrating and buggy
I love this, but
Don't let this play outside it's ecosystem
Great addition to Fire TV family... with issues
Fire Cube vs. Roku
Buy Now, it is worth it for the remote alone!!
Revised after call back from tech support
voice commands are great!
Works Very Well for My Particular Setup
Does NOT support YouTube TV platform! Buyers Beware...
Frustrating.
Not there yet - Day 1 opinion
Not ready for prime time (?Pun intended?)
Brings new life to my entertainment center
New remote make it,  plus many custom set up choices.
No HDMI cable included
Paired with Smart Lights and Switches, It's Magical
Best Echo Device EVER!!!
This is not an Echo with a Fire TV built in.
Problem With Constant Buffering
It's ok
Disappointing for an Alexa fan
A huge product disappointment: A new remote controller design change and no replacement.
Pros and cons
Lots of room for improvement.  DISAPPOINTED in Oregon.
DOA. Waiting on a replacement...
A Quick Response
Great addition for TV control
Really impressed
Overall, a FANTASTIC product! But, could use more universal Alexa voice control with Cable TV
Cube has some issues...
Didn?t work for me
Commands are not instant some few seconds lag time but responsive
Equpiment Control Sucks
Doesn?t support follow-up mode
After 6 months still no Everywhere Group Play
I like the increased specs.
Don't waist you time or you money
Disapointed
NO GOOGLE APPLICATIONS
Glitchy
Its ok with lots of promise
A partial success, still maturing
Slow compared to the 4k Fire tv, does not support Alexa calling features
I freaking love this thing
Less functionality than the Fire Stick I owned.
This device is a PITA.
Still doesn't pass thru Dolby Atmos (with Plex)
Really Really wanted to love this
Absolutely Amazing
Love the fire tv cube
So far not too bad but still having issues.
My new go-to media hub
By far my favorite Fire TV device
Easy set up and makes watching TV easier (if that's a good thing!)
Very disappointed
Cube OK, defective remote. (Updated, new remote sent from Amazon)
It's not self-aware. Yet.
Performs as advertised, but not as I'd hoped.
Change Inputs (HDMI sources) is iffy
Lifechanging
100% a Gimmick and kinda useless.
Game changer! Must have!
Firetv CUBE works but not flowless!
Not ready yet....but.....
Setting up new tv!
It's great for what it is - don't expect it to be an Echo Show or expertly control every app
Get the Older Style or Apple TV
Not the best choice unless your other devices are new
Nice idea. Voice recognition ruins it.
Par Excellence for yet another Amazon Alexa Device! a Great Gift!
Amazon customer service is deplorable!
Can be disappointing...
Not Compatible With Suddenlink As Claimed!
Used to be great but latest updates have it wanting
Worthless as 4K if through ARC for dolby Sound
Ditch the remotes and enjoy, buy the Cube!!
Alexa will grow on you.  Always handy, always ready, and always helpful.
Like the programs, HATE must watch commercials
There are sound issues with this device
Easy to set up and does a whole lot!
Not Quite an Apple TV Killer
Really like how well it works.
Impressive little box!
Bought one, returned for replacement, replacement same issue.
Cable is gone!
It's great except for Alexa
Not Amazon's strongest product.
Amazon not selling what it says
Great device with 1 small issue.
Not quite there yet- hold off
Pretty cool!
So far, so good, So Awesome!
UPDATE- Finally, Dolby Atmos! But I still haven't heard it from the Fire TV Cube!
Hoping for an update....
Careful of wording
Great First Effort - Not Perfect
Sill need your remote most of the time.
A LOT of important features missing
Love the remote
Fire TV Cube
Great upgrade from a FireStick
It?s getting there
Fun and functional
Alexa Has Performance Anxiety
My expectations where not met ~ hope in time it is improved.
Not ready for Prime Time
For the value - worth it!
THIS IS NOT AN ECHO!!
Easy Setup And Integration Into Components
Kind of cool but still needs work.
FIRE TV CUBE
Wonderful
Keeps Freezing
Blown Speaker from Alexa...
I really want this to work well, but it doesn't.
Works half the time!/. Works Now
Not a finished product.
Amazon 4K Fire TV Cube
Early buyers of this device should get the new remote for free
Never works.
I like it better than the "stick"
Outdated and needs a redesign. Works well otherwise.
Solved my problems
Piece of CRAP
Going Back To Roku
Streaming Issue Solved
A great little box with a fatal flaw.
Fail for Amazon
Limited support for streaming apps, even more limited intelligence.
Does not work as advertised
Drop-In doesnt work!
It?s great but..
Reset it every day...
I?m Impressed!
Mixed bag (from 1 to 5 stars)
In love with CUBE.
I want to love this...but not so much.
Not perfect by any means
DONT BUY THIS DEVICE!!!!
Big disappointment!
Great addition to Alexa home environnement. Must have for Living Room!
So far, so great!
My TV/Receiver are now voice activated
Slow, volume issues, remote issues.
Worst Alexa product yet
Doesn't change channels with Xfinity cable.
A little buggy but fun
Not quite there yet
Fantastic Device! Fire TV is all grown up!
Not worth the hype... subpar.
Can't drop into other echo devices, including other cube's
Saved over $75 And got a better remote system
Need
Disappointed- switching from fire tv home screen to cable
I really wanted to like it...
A great gift, but not sure I would have bought it myself
Issues got worse
Neat Toy!
One huge flaw for me...
Dumpster Fire TV
Early adopter and not happy
Not worth upgrading..
Bummer Summer in Winter
A lightweight doorstop
I like this thing and I am glad I bought it.
A neat little box
It's got banner ads.
Our Favorite Fire Device Yet!
?Alexa?!!!  Almost there.  Maybe next generation will be the winner !
Inferior to Fire TV 2nd Gen, BUT can power on\off complete entertainment system
Setup was easy enough
Doesn't work as expected.
Voice control your home theatre.
Highly Recommended!
Very Impressed
Please do not buy
Could be better
Good, but room for improvement
Game changer for me.
not worth the money
IT WORKS!
Buyer beware of conflicts
Fire Cube not programmed to change television channels!?!?!
Check compatibility with your smart TV first before you purchase
Still great, but not an impressive upgrade.
Buggy junk
Good but could be better
It kind of works sometimes
Listen or Watch, but don't do both....
Audio-Video sync issues
HDR DOES NOT WORK WITH CERTAIN SAMSUNG MODELS (KS-8000)
Not ready for Prime time
Love this device
Can not get audio and video to sync with Cube connected to my Denon AVR. Buy Stick 4K + Dot instead
Amazing
Junk and junk customer service.
Pretty good, but you should know what it does and does not solve
Unnecessary, stick with the Stick unless you want to go hands free.
Alexa voice commands need improvement but overall it?s great.
Sound cuts off
I like that it always listens to me
So far NOT so good..
I thought this would be a great purchase ... Wrong!!!!
Awesome cube and true hands-free!!!!
A hunk of junk
I dont love it
I Love It! But....
Close, but Amzon could do better.  Please fix it.
This is way better than the firestick that I had
Works well but missing some features - updated
ABSOLUTE WASTE OF MONEY. Power cord quit working day 3. Replaced that,  still not working properly
No funciona fuera de US,
Vert disappointed and disenchanted.
Best 4K Amazon streaming device
Lame design, hard to follow dashboard
Remote Control Housing Design
It's fun to have...
Reason i am giving 3 stars because it works as a universal remote otherwise 1star my stick is better
Fire cube is better than the stick!
Darkness
Not for cable or satellite box's
Does the basic and that's good
High hopes that did not work out.
Limited Alexa functionality
Can control my TV, but it responds weird
Next level Alexa
Only works in IR remote mode
Very responsive and nice routines. Use the WiFi not Ethernet.
Interesting
Getting better
Works great, purchased 2
DirectTV Now all but unusable on Fire TV Cube
Fewer Movie Apps than Roku
Poor performing
FireTV Cube Review | Real Customer
Voice control of my TV, soundbar, and cable box.
BEST FIRE TV EVER, VERY PROUD TO BE A PRIME MEMBER, AGAIN!
The cube is average, not that impressed for the price point
Exceeded Expectations
You will love it....it is a must buy
Always freezing, always reverts to 720p
Can't activate Hulu on Fire TV Cube without a cell phone
Not worth the price
Listens Well.
2 weeks in and still loving it
Frustrating
Easy Setup- Hard to Navigate Prime
Great item to connect all your devices
Alexa is a cranky assistant
Wish the software was written better
No Spectrum support, no drop-in support, show interruptions
Dismal performance & always locking up now
Doesn't meet expectations but still a worthwhile buy for the price.
Not too smart
Volume is weak with no bass compared to the 3 gen echo pods and dont make calls as the 3 gen does
Does a good job at what it can do.  Mostly.
Doesn't function as well as advertised for watching media content.
Freezes a lot
Plays all audio except Alexa talking through the TV!
Waste of money
Disappointing in functionality
It's a Fire TV - the Alexa Speaker is terrible
Fure TV cube needs much improvements
The assistant I never knew I needed.
Good, but not not perfect with complicated AV setups
Loving it, but got it set up ten mins ago!
Worked okay until this morning....
Not a speaker
THIS WORKS. GET AN *EXTRA* HDMI CABLE
It?s worth $50
Very convenient
Not at 100% working ability
Eh
Best amazon device to date.
Outstanding!!!
The perfect solution
The Fire Cube is great
Wow
It works well.
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, excepto que...
Unable to switch TV inputs, a dealbreaker
Awesomely Inferior to Apple!! This thing is beyond slow.
Won't work with YouTube TV, limitet apps, decent hardware.
Lovin' My Cube
Its not there yet..
Love That This Replaces Remote On Amazon Prime TV
As a Roku user for the last 8 years I did not think I would like it...
Sooooooooo disappointed
Needs Further Development
We love how easy this is to watch Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and more with Alexa voice remote!
Nice functionality
One of the best Amazon products that I used!
My experience with the Cube so far.
Great Product - for sophisticated users only!!!
Not ready for Prime Time
Great replacement for cable box!
It's Very Nice. A gift from my daughter.
its ok
Echo and Amazon love to talk to each other
Almost perfect!
Recast User
Show shuts down; limited remote commands
More than I expected
Lo mas importante talvez sea la imagen y alexa la decepci?n el sonido
No mouse support for navigation; Voice command responds to broadcast commercials.
It is an ok gadget that's fun to play with.
Existential Amazon System Combo?Get the Cloud Cam bundle!
Its gotten better over time
All in one solution!
Good at first over time not so much
waste of money
Updated review
Amazon flexing their unfair power blocking competition.
Great addition to my smart home set up!
You won?t be dissappointed
Could be better
Pleasantly Suprised
Cut the cable
Good product
A bit of a disappointment
Great Product - Easy setup
Great device potential. No calling feature yet.
Tech Company Spats
Awesome Smart Home Addition
FIre TV Block
Good but not as good as I thought it would be and this last update sucked.
Mediocre
Audio Synch issues.
Does not work with Samsung TV with an HDMI hub
Mostly Great - some areas for improvement
Love it!
Love it and find it frustrating
Works well for for what I want, and alao for what I didnt know I want
Don?t lose the remote!
Love it
Ok.
Plays TV great but disrupts other Alexa devices.
Great but WiFi Issues and Horrible to open Remote Battery Compartment
Voice control is my favorite part
Worth the extra money
Video and Audio out of sync
Simple to use and works as advertised
Good product but a few improvements needed
Didn't find what I'm looking for
Total GARBAGE!
No desktop site view on web browsers. Dealbreaker
Cool, but lots to be desired
Hobbled pairing of fire stick and Alexa
Had to post it.  Ewwww
Good but not great
Needs a bit more to be great
A Cube for the Tube
Slow device, does not have enough ooomph!
Good...if your set up is not complex
More than I expected
Good solution
Needs better microphones.
More useful than I expected!
Multiple device integration is a snap
Not there yet
Just Wow
Great replacement for the Fire TV, 2nd Generation
Device control is pretty cool and it?s a great Fire TV device!
Love the Cube!
Performing worse than my older 2nd Gen FireTV !
I like Mine, But.
A buttery smooth addition to my AV system
Not happy with  the cube
works with smart home devices too
Best streaming device for me
The Cube is only useful if your TV is tuned to the input that the cube is connected to.
Good not great.
Dissapointment of the Echo Product Line
TV control is great
DON'T!!
It?s like amazon consciencely decided to take a giant step backwards
NOT AS CONFIGURABLE AS YOU WOULD EXPECT
Very easy to use
Easy of use and set up
Why did I wait
Love this!
FIVE + STARS all the way!
Works well
An intersting Device
Great Addition
Love having streaming all in one place!
Do not over spend! Get the much cheaper Fire TV Stick 4k
Alexa now controls my cable box.
No more searching for the remote!
Very good streaming source
Works Great, saves a lot of remote changing.
Overall happy with this device but issue with remote
Works with my existing Equipment
Realy enjoying it.
Not blown away by this
Echo part not so good, FireTV part awesome
Don?t sign up for free amazon music unless you want to pay
Love it but it should come with a black box warning if you have a toddler in your house
Not Truly a Echo/FireTV Combo
!!! HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!!
Its a cute cube
Wonderful!
Doesn't Function as Advertised
Great picture,  great access to tv and films via applications,
Pairs easily.  Slight interference with other appliances. Would like a sleep timer function.
Not Impressed
Amazon Developers - Mute Issue
Loves hands free
Conflicts with Harmony
Dolby Vision
Good easy set-up
Worst Alexa device yet.
It solved our DirectTV Now sound problem
Exactly what I was looking for
Must have Amazon device
Good addition to Echo lineup
Fantastic! But my OCD holds a star back.
Works great but not with a VPN installed on the Cube
This is a winner!
Had issues, but is working now
Step ahead but could be better
Gift from my dad for Christmas that my daughter "set up" in her room to test!
Fire TV cube helped cut the cable/satellite.
Echo Dot with some TV Features, Not 4K friendly!!
Elimates use of remote controls
Love This Fire Cube
Yes!
Updated
The best Fire TV so far
A must have Alexa upgrade for your entertainment system
Had to return
Broke after two months
Controls TV/Sound Bar in Set Up . . . BUT THAT'S IT!
overall good
Cool idea, unreliable functionality.
not a helping hand i thought
TV Viewing Enhanced, But No Instructions Provided
Easy to hook up, sometimes frustrating to use
Does not reset itself after power outage? Amazon should be an easy fix.
alexa volume issues
First Echo device that I hate
Works well but some small quirks
Amazing product, not just to watch TV but to controll it!
Alexa?s dumb twin
Good but not a replacement for your remote or other streaming service.
Disappointed
Wouldn?t pay full price
The Fire TV cube Is great for hands off control of your TV/sound system
Needs the bugs worked out.
Love the Cube
Amazon is constantly making life easier!!
Not an echo dot with fire tv
It does amazing things.
Nice addition to home automation
Easy set up great picture
Disappointed
Fix the bugs
do it and she controls the volume. Great for ball games!!!
Absolute junk.
Doesn?t work outside USA
Dissappointed!!
So much better than Chromecast
Fire TV Cube exceeded expectations
Isn?t exactly what I thought it was but...
Not suitable for use outside USA
Still figuring it out
Saves so many steps, and without needing a remote!
No audio out!
Fun, needs a bit more refining
So disappointing
Not All It Could Be
Games changing over DVR monapoly
Much slower than the old Fire TV and fewer apps
Decent device, but voice commands can be spotty.
Great idea, still needs improvements
Unreliable and inconsistent.
Great Alexa functionality-- shame it's such a slug.
Faulty 100+$ fire tv
Almost Perfect!
Opens up a Whole World of New Options
Great addition to an Alexa controlled home!
Very Cool.
Constantly having to reboot
TV joined the smart house!
Great upgrade from the firestick
Best HDMI switch I've ever had!  Great entertainment addition to anyone's home.
Good idea subpar execution
HDMI problem
Not ready just yet
sorry had to send it back
Not bad but not good enough
Works way better than expected
Love the Fire Cube, makes a dumb TV smart and a Smart TV smarter.
Does not seems to understand commands as well as other alexa devices
Cool Gadget to really control your 4k TV
Decent product...needs more hands free work
Details mattwr
Not as good as regular fire tv!!
Poor device, lots of issues.
Best deal EVER !!!
Still a little clunky as an AI/remote control
Cut out to do what product suggest!! !enjoy!!!!!!!!
Horrible audio synch problem
Cube will not work with a HDMI Switcher
Good, but not there yet.
Products one buys from Amazon I expect to be the best on the market.
The best home theater streaming box
Amazon Fire TV Cube
Great if you don't have a smart tv
Love ? it.
Good product, but still needs work.
Best out there
Setting up Paid Channels from COX, a Nightmare
Another great echo
love it
Love this and it works with our limited wifi
Love it!
Not worth the agony
OK so far, needs some software updates
I am still analyzing this shiney new toy
So glad I purchased it!
Works great but has some issues
Not sure it's worth the extra money
Set Up with Receiver
What a piece of Crap!! NEGITIVE 5-STARS!
Great invention !
Bummer
Frustrating to use more than it's not
quite neat but not quite there yet
Lack some Echo features
Not too different from older Fire TV box
Fire TV Cube is a must have streaming device.
Buy a fire stick instead
Great for my 92 year old dad
Great HUB
Disappointing.
not that great!
Needs more work.
On-Screen Keyboard and No Volume Buttons Seems Backwards
Does not allow viewing of YouTube TV!
I actually love the  fire tv cube !!!
Super convenient
Do it all with your voice
I like this a lot
Fantastic if you're coming from TV Stick Gen1
Easy set up. Works great
Different than the Fire TV 2nd gen but is good
Awesome product !!  Highly recommend !
Not too smart .
My favorite interface!!!
Our third child is Alexa
Waste of Money.
Ugh where's my stuff?
Great for adding controls to a legacy tv.
Very buggy unit, and trying to get replacement was frustrating
:(
Not bad
Glorified Power Switch
Terrible for Directv Now
FireTV w/alexa not an echo with fire tv
As an early adapter...I want a refund!
Stay away
Great device
It learns more and more so please be patient and for now no Dolby vision but can change!
Great Device
Lacking some functionality
Works Much Better Than What Many Reviewers Say
Perfect addition to the home entertainment system.
Nice device...but
Super!
Great concept but Poor Execution
Great.. When It Works Properly
Not pleased
Useful device to replace standard FireTV stick
Freezes up constantly
great features with some dissipointment
Not that great.
This product is amazing and for a son or daughter that's lost mobility...its a blessing.
Needs S/W or firmware upgrades to work better
Great box
There's better options out there
have problems
Love our Fire TV Cube!
Degrades after some time
Big upgrade
still buggy
Not the best device
Works great when it works.
Multi Room Music added!
Setup
Doesn't work.
Great addition to older TVs!
Not better than my previous Fire TV Gen 2 Box
Awesome!!  So easy to use and looks great on our shelf.
This device does a really good job at everything we've tried on it.
Not terrible.
So easy. Great device.
Not a replacement of an Alexa (currently)
big things come in small package's
Look elsewhere. Will end up lagging and get unresponsive.
Gave up on device after 4 months.
Concerns.
Started off Amazing
If used, automatically has TV switch to 4k
The Fire Tv Cube is  the improved version of fire tv.
This product is NOT have Dobly VISION, I wish it did
Not that easy
Great idea with half baked execution
quick and easy install - worth it!
Cool device to control all your other devices
Pretty cool, but not great.
Not an Alexa
Works given a little time to set-up various channels like Netflix,Plex etc.
cannot call or message?
Not as good as the older Fire TV Boxes
Love it
Performs as specified.
No way to enter password without a roomful of gawkers
Love it love it love it
Better than the original
Slow response - no expandable memory
Dosnt work
It?s not great.
Interesting gadget,  but not worth a recommendation!
Does not support calling/messaging
It does not integrate well with other Alexa's in the house but works good on its own!
Great for operating a multifunction audio visual system along with a multitude of other features
So Far So Good
NFL App Fail On Fire tv
Great Product
defective product
Just a fancy Alexa fire stick
Absolutely awesome device!
Voice Activated home theater
Works better than expected and very easy to set up
Very Easy to Install
Did not meet expectations
Upgrade your stick. Works for me!
Returned
No Ethernet Port Causes Lower Video Quality Compared to Older Model
This device needs working on and not only on the physically side but on the software side.
WOW
Can be used as main distribution device for Alexa
very disapointed
I prefer my dot
This thing is awesome.
Works good. So far.
Vice control/recognition on this is horrible!
Comments
It?s ok. Roku Ultra interface is better
Rowean Brennan
Totally worth it!
You will yell at this thing and stress your self out
Better then apple!!
Fire cube
Only works so so with Spectrum cable
PLUS- Convenience MINUS- Sluggish
Keeps logging you out and restarting
Amazon failed
Waiting Patiently, Not currently able to use Spectrum TV App
Would return if I could
Fantastic new toy!
Best buy ever, it does everything they say it does and more
I just got upgraded
You must know your cable channel numbers
Not that great!
Mediocre
Upgrade from an echo dot and fire tv combo  setup
Love it
Repeat commands
Horrible!!!!!!!!
More like dumpster firetv cube. Just get a harmony and nomal fire tv
It's good to look at but doesn't deliver on the experience...
Alexa just needs to grow up a bit
Not an upgrade from fire box AT ALL!
Has Issues..
Great buy for home automation
so far so good
Frustratingly Glitchy
Doesn?t Work The Way One Would Hope
TV CUBE
Not satisfied
Love controlling my television with my voice.
Doesn?t do simple tasks
This is our second Fire TV Cube
Does every thing as advertised well.
Does what it says in the advertisment, but wifi connection is very slow.
Love it! Needs some improvements but still love it!
Great, but needs work on audio filtering.
Love Alexa?s Viewing Assistance
I Love Alexa
Superb Value
Out of service for Psvue
Easy to use, tons of things to do
The future of TV is here!
Does not notify like ECHO Devices!!!
Overpriced Fire TV Stick
Sound lag
Great upgrade
Good product, but needs a little work.
If you watch Amazon Prime OR any other steraming service this is a MUST have
Well designed and functional entertainment device
Awesome system, cut cable!!!
Worth it!
Don?t do it
Must have
Best streaming device
LOVE IT!!
Not exactly like the commercials.
Can't drop in.
Easy to use!
Wouldn't Sync Properly w/ TV, Sound, Cable
I like this streaming box !
Great device for controlling tv and soundbar
Makes life easier
Works well
Center of my system.
Love just having one device, one remote.
Awesome
Almost Perfect
Great start, some improvements needed.
Alexa, turn on the tv!
Great features but not perfect.
Fun/useful Device
Maybe I have a bad one.
Works with functionality issues.
It?s a good product but it needs to be more user-friendly with non-echo Alexa enabled products
works great
Great Device
Have been using for 4-5 months
Good product, hope more integration in the future.
I live with a stubborn A.I.
Think twice before buying
It was a nice idea
Love it!
Freezes daily
The Fire Cube is Awesome
looks clean & is working fine
Great device
Good Implementation of a Great Idea
awesome picture quality
Box ok, remote needs work
A need for everyone
Out of Return.. Quit working right
Where is my USB port!!!
Significantly poorer that the FireTV 2nd Generation
Laggy
Replaced Apple Tv
Caught this on black friday, worth it for full price
Remote just died and can not replace.
Great device!!!!!
Love at first sight but...
Easy to learn
Has a few bugs
Some Alexa trouble
Complete Junk! Save your money buy a firestick instead.
two down still not working
Not bad, probably one of the best on the market
A total washout
Bad device and customer service to match.
Alexa!
must have
Truly Hands-free
Not able to switch to normal TV.
No multi room music
It?s just ok
Works great & easy set up.
Works great.... when it works
Best device I currently own in my entertainment system
Not functional
Worth it for a smart home
You need this
Great for the blind!
Best one yet.
Best streaming device out there!
Perfect for lazy tv watcher
Fire tv cube is great.
Great streaming player
i hope it gets better
Bummer it?s going in trash as can?t get replacement
Decent device to have around
Infamous Prime Streaming
Cube is the boss of the house
Fire tv cube
DONT waste your money
So very easy to use
Easy set up
Best FireTV Yet
Worth the money
Ethernet or wireless option
All In One Remote
Works well
Almost the best Alexa device
Video feature is gone after update
Not sure if I like it or not
So far so good
Wish I didn't purchase
Hands free is awesome!
Fire TV Cube Is Awesome, But.....
No YouTube TV Support
5 stars
Very good device
Great buy
I wouldn?t buy again.... ?
Difficulty setting up to work with Direct TV
Cut my cable bill
Great idea, still needs a little work.
Works as advertised!
Works well but...
How did we live without this?
Black box
Love this!!!
Love Love Love
Good beginning for a Smart Device
Ease of setup.
In LOVE with Alexa!
Easier to get used to than expected
More than one device is a headache
5-1-1=3
Amazon Fire TV Cube
So Far So Good
It?s pretty cool...I guess
Kind if wish I waited for the second gen.
Everything I could?ve asked for.
Freezes up a lot!
Unreliable
Money Saved
Is kind of fun
Can't Pair with Vizio
Does not work in Brazil!!! Sucks!
Better than I imagined
The Cube
Works well
Its ok doesnt do everything I want
Does not work with Yamaha receiver!!
Remote is impossible to open
Try it and make your own decision
works good
I love the product despite some minor setbacks
Possible router issue
Not recommended for criminals and weirdos...
Sorry, I don?t know that one
Great for Home
Best amazon purchase to date
finicky
Overall its pretty good
I Love It
Programming is amazing but,....
UI and internet loading is slow even on 400MB internet connection!
Worth it!
Same cube as 2017, just new remote
New remote ! Not so new.
Like Alexa
Beautiful Picture! Very Convenient!
Follow directions and patient's.
Voice Controls NOT Useful
Vice control is nice but needs work with complex set ups.
Better than Roku
Works Anywhere
Not good for my dish network
Voice Command Cube
Complicated
went from 3 remotes to one
Absolutely enjoy this hands free Fire Cube
Pretty nice, some kinks
control TV hands-free.....plus Alexa!!!!
Need a few more
Follow the directions!
The future is now
Clever - turn on/off TV by talking to Alexa
Bad customer service
Nice for basic things
Well done.
Love It!
Lacking audio output port.
Glitchy
I love it.  but id does not do calling
Great product from Amazon
Where had you been hiding!?!?!?
Best Fire TV yet, good job Amazon!
Not worth it
A little worried at first.
It works but has a learning curve
Expanded functionality and other device controls
Works For The Purchase Intended
Great quality, stable streaming
This cube is great for voice control!
Alexa, you are awesome!!
Great product
Requires Frequent Resets
Fire TV Stick is Better
Youtubetv is blocked, stay away from this product
Fabulous
Disappointed
Amazing
Great Black Friday sale (59.99)
Love it
Nearly Perfect
Get yourself one of these!
Buy this new Alexa device she won?t let you down!
Makes a perfect Father's day gift birthday gift for mother's day gift works perfect
Not Compatible with major TV providers
These suck
Great Device from Amazon
THE BEST HANDS DOWN
Works good but....
Takes a little effort to set up but it's worth it.
Highly recommended
Challenging at times, once u know the correct phrase. Great to use
Fire tv cube
Love it
It does work on some LG tvs.
Amazon Fire Cube-- needs a bit of improvement
Great Purchase for the Price
Ok but Disappointed
smooth and smart
Cable provider not supported
Alexa needs to find the remote!
Great step forward.
Voice commands are fantastic
I love it, and works with any TV
Squirrely
Missing a few features that would have made it great.
Can't get dolby atmos to work.
It's a very nifty device
Ok
This is way faster than my fire stick!
As advertised with a couple of annoying things
Fire TV Cube w/ Alexa
Works to tune to multiple inputs by voice commands as advertised
Working with TV remotes???
First try, almost great.
I love it
Nice, but not really useful
Ok. Just ok. Not awesome.
Interesting way to watch TV
Great product
I think the most important couple of features
Good device for consolidating inputs
Work great for the first two days.
Has potential
Finally something that works
TV streaming that works.
Good when it works
Works , but could be way better for cheap.
Nearly perfect cable cutting alternative
The Cube is nice
Finally choices!
Good replacement for older Fire TV.
Love it!!
Doesn?t work with Direct TV
Great movie streaming!
Not what I expected
Hard to set up
The Only Way to Stream
Easy set up. Stops there.
I love yelling at my TV.
Fast Processor and 16GB storage
Beast mode cube
Great but Make sure you have a compatible TV.
I like Alexa!!!!
ISSUES IF YOU NEED TO SWITCH BETWEEN HDMI
Incredibly easy setup
Reliability
Not quite sure yet...
Great product.  Definitely satisfied
I like it
4K Issues
Not there yet.
Better than AppleTV
Potential to be great
love the cube
Works great if you stick to the remote.
The Fire TV Cube is amazing
Love it.
IR Blaster works great but lack functionality
Worth it at twice the price!
Needs better volume control commands
Set up not working . UPDATE ON RATING
Strange Triggers
Fun Fire TV Cube
works for me
So useful
Just Get it!!
Excellent all in one android box!
BUY THIS!!
Convenient and easy to setup.
Using it to control uverse
Fire TV cube one week in
Fire cube is worth the money.
Working effectively.
Haven?t used my remote in days
no hands tv tuning on cable
Not flexible
She keeps freezing
Great product!!!
Fun
being Irish would be a big help!!
Voice control for tv as promised
Not Worth The Price
Best thing to happen to TV in a long time
Perfect for my needs
Misses the mark
Makes using the tv just easier!
Changing my life. Aka slightly lazier haha
Great addition to our travel needs
Very impressive.
Buy one!!!
Fire TV Cube is an Excellent streaming player
Volume keys on remote is a huge plus.
Excellent upgrade from the FireTv
very easy hookup
Great for streaming, and Alexa capabilities too.
Alexa cube frees your hands for other things
Room to grow
Alexa what do you rate me.
Works great, no issues yet.
Fire TV Cube and Alexa Rock!
Best Amazon Fire TV ever.
??
My 4K TV integrated streaming (Samsung Q6F) seems to be better & Brighter?
Replacement
Not having to use numerous remotes is a bonus!
Software update needed
Won't work without TV On
It?s not satellite but we shall see ?!?!
Easy Samsung setup. Love it.
Works well but not sure it?s worth the spend
As any Amazon products it's an Amazing Cube
Extremely buggy
Voice-Command TV is great for my mom w/ MS!
Being precise and consistent in the way you give the cube your vocal commands.
Voice contol is very convenient!
Like the hands free
Wish it was better :-(
Good product
Can?t even control spotify
We absolutely love this!
A/V badly out of sync!
What a Convenience!
Buying on sale make it worth it.
Great!
Very reasonable for the offering, very easy to install.
I replaced my firestick with this MUCH faster!
My favorite amazon product so far.
Hopeful
My cube
Great Device
Could be a "Cable Cutter" . . .
Works ok
Piece of junk
Hands Free TV
No puedo ver pel?culas no estan habilitadas para mi regi?n geogr?fica
Don?t do the installment plan!!!
Fire Cube is for everyone.
NO HDMI
Very easy to use
Better than the onboard wi-fi receivers built into the new smart TV's
Great product
Love, Love, Love!
Works well...
Game changing product
If you?re on the fence choose yes and enjoy it!
Music everywhere enabled!!
Nice box
Great Microphone and integrated Xfinity control.
Great, easy to use device
Love this !!!!!!
Alexa write this review
Glitchy
Love it!
Setup instructions incomplete
Fire TV Cube Alea Assistance doesn't work
Fire Cube
Just ask alexa to find your show!
Still not a complete system
Excellent potentail but fails miserably
Great for the seeing impaired!
Star Cube
If your a Fan of Alexa and fire sticks this is a good upgrade
be patient
does not always work with my samsung smart tv.
Exceeding your expectations blow your mind
Doesn?t work with YouTube TV
Amazing set top box
Hands free TV
The Cube is OK
This device can use a lot of data while doing nothing..be warned!
Great product, but needs enhancement
Easiest setup ever
This device is awful
went on sale!  Can I get a particial refund?
Fire cube
Doesn't support xfinity stream
Alexa needs an upgrade
Electronic nightmare
GREAT!!
Nice box
Great unit.
I received a defective Fire TV Cube
Do a YouTube Fire TV Cube DIY and it is very easy
Does not control cable box or TV as I would like - very streaming services oriented
Slow response times, Alexa is intrusive...
OK...but not as good as the FIreTV yet!
Better than I thought it would be. Must have.
It's Awesome!
Very pleased
TV remote required for OTA antenna
Love the cube!
Fire TV Cube
Randomly no sound
Nice update
Not impressed
Entertainment necessity
Loving the ease of usage, Alexa integration, and faster app access
Not my worst purchase
Loved it!
Terrible
Wish I could get a replacement
Works Great, easy to set up and easy to use
Not a big fan.. have to re sync things a lot.
Love it but wish it also did intercom and connected for all-house music
Great addition to Smart Home conversion.
That has to be a joke
Best fire tv product
Incredible
Great product love it
Sound goes crazy
Loving this so far!
Great product, but blocked lots of Echo functionalities.
doesnt work well
Just include a freakin' HDMI cable
Great product
Best steaming device I?ve used. I?ve trued em all including Apple,Roku, chrome cast
Very impressive device
Unless you want to listen without sound, don?t buy.
Was great whle it worked...
Excellent product
Great item.
Best Fire TV unit yet
awesome
Not worth it ..
Fun New Gadget...
A lifesaver for Alzheimer?s patients
Love this!
Absolutely garbage
Cool but not as easy as advertised
Software QA??? Directv Now app Crashes for many months and on my new Fire Cube
Bluetooth volume is very low and does not autoconnect after one use
Bad design bad bad product
Awesome purchase 2nd Timer!
Great fire cube
Convenience at it best. Thank you Amazon
A marvel
Returned It
SLOW & BUGGY
Love the cube
It's not wireless
Another great
I don't have to have the remote to turn off
The best
Great concept but not there yet
Poorly made for our TV (Visio)!!!
Buy this
Works some times
My Awesome Amazon FTC
Works well
Fire tv doesn't work well with remote
excellent replacement from a Roku
Does not work with Echo family
Great for your TV control
Cool Cube feature  #272
Has a high quality picture
Easy to install, easy to use...
Often have to repeat
Still needs work. Can?t change channels.
Works Fsntastic! Alexa does the work?
Pretty Cool
No better than a Fire Stick
Super Cool
Cool Device, issues getting to work with TV soundbar
The cube is not ready for consumers..
black out gap between commands execution on TV screen
The best is the Remote
No multi room audio
Entertaining
Worked okay for a couple of days
Amazingly broad capabilities!
Easy to setup, keeps kids entertained for hours
TV MADE EASY!!!
does not live up to the hype
NOT SURE
Won't switch HDMI
Hassle free
Love.
Fire TV Cube
Alexa tried to talk to my dog! LOL
Alexia doesn't always listen to you
Good for the disabled
Works when it wants to.
It does not have any way to screen cast
Very Useful
Great item
A must buy
Good to go
What you can do with the Fire TV Cube
No direct network connection
Better then the stick
Not impressed.
Excellent for TV streaming
I LOVE IT!!!!!!
Great Product
Makes TV watching easy!
Works, but still prefer live tv
Moody thing
Meh..
Once you have prime membership it works.
Disappointed that audio not synched well with video
Good for general use.
Works Great
I like the voice and hands free feature
Easy set up.
It makes streaming easier.
Love it
Very nice love it
Impressive
Having frequent wifi disconnects
Amazing!
Cube
Not a reliable way to operate the TV, Cable and Receiver
????  Slight problem
Go, Alexa go!
Cool box with 4k and Alexa
Fire Cube works great!
It was easy to install and it works great. I am very happy with this purchase.
It is not as sophisticated as I thought it would ...
Be careful of how old your tv is.
Hands Down the Best
Wait for version 2 or 3
Some good and some bad
Lo f?cil y r?pido que puedes ver una pelicula con tan solo pedirla!!
Cool new tech
It's Okay
Very Glitchy
Compact size
Great product
Works great and does alot
Much better than the Fire tv!
Not user friendly.
Superb Father?s Day gift
Easy to set up, walks you through it.
Simple & Awesome
Overall Great Product
What you need to know, may help you.
Awesome
Fire cube
My husband loves it.
How user friendly it is.
Breaks after 6 months
cool!
Upgrade from my roku
Bad for privacy, slow and no 4k prime content
Slow internet speed
Fire TV Cube provides a very stable connection for my weak dsl connection.
Not as capable as we thought.
Works great
Not happy :(
Fire TV Cube fails to deliver on purchased movies just like all other Fire TV products.
Works great
Could be better.
Great for tv, not necessarily for other things
Love the voice commands with my Tv!
love this thing
Not easy
Can connect directly to pass-through receiver
Awkward and intrusive
Great product
Great purchase
Nice
Works like a charm
The older version is better
Feature packed Amazon fire with Alexa... easy and hands free
Rarely accurate
DON?T UPGRADE YOUR TV?S AND NOT UPGRADE YOUR MOVIE STREAMING DEVICES!
Works great
Great product!
Improving but Google still better
Excellent product
love my cube
Still learning
Convenient, fast, & fun
OK device but could be better.
Great little box!
Office Hands-Free Operation
Pointless and worthless
Remote dp not respond
Not as advertised
Best so far..
disappointing
What are people talking about
Faulty remote
good product
Great device!
Headache
Almost Good
It makes life easier
You can voice command any tv with it!! Love it
With updates has great potential
Easy to use
This is great we  now have 2
Alexa is a blast to use, love it!
Fire TV cube mediocre performance
Sound / picture synch issues
Tech made simple
Just like the Borg cube, there's nothing this can't do.
Pretty cool remote
Fire Cube
Fire TV Cube is THE FUTURE!!!
Works very well
Great Product!!!
Easy set up, a great smart device
Controls most of your TV and sound bar by voice
Great way to add smart control and tv to our bedroom
Works maybe 30% of the time
Excellent product and I highly recommend it
No sound on some shows
Very good
Needs more instructions
You get the new remote with volume control. Comes in handy when playing something loud.
Easy to connect to home devices. I like that I can control volume from the remote.
Great streaming product
Very good
Loving it
Great Product
Not really a replacement for cable tv
Not ready for prime time.  Or should we say prime.
Great product
nice
My new toy!
Good Quality
Great Convenience, Easiest Setup!!
Lots Of Potential....Still some big bugs
Works as advertised!
Get it
It holds more movies
Works well.
Very good price & quality
Very easy to set up, and runs all the latest streaming apps
One of amazon I can live without, super cool, highly recommended
Keeps disconnecting every 30 seconds. Not usable.
It's a lot better than the last Amazon fire gen
Enjoying the Fire TV Cube.
Greate product that does what it says it will.
Nice to Have Netflix w/o a Smart TV
Definitely a must for smart homes
nice unit
a beautiful gift
HORRIBLE PRODUCT DROPS WIFI SIGNAL AND IS NEXT TO ROUTER
It controls my TV!!!
I Cut The Cord
No stress tv
Fast; no lag
Easy to use
Easy too install
Amazon took 5 days to deliver !
Good with Amazon services
Makes my life easier
Nice addition to the livingroom
Can?t change cable channels.
it doesn't really understand my command's.
it works great foe me!
How to work with music and make play lists.
Fire TV Cube
Need to buy HDMI cord to connect to T.V
Won?t multi device stream!
The streaming box I was waiting for
we might have bought to much.
Epic fail would not purchase again
Great product!
Still learning how to use it.
Good Product
A little expensive
Prefect!
Cube understands
Alexa, Thank Amazon for out Fire TV Cube
Good product.
Cube
The Alexa app on the Fire TV isn't as good as the Alexa app on the Echo smart speaker
Useless
Not compatible with Direct TV
Simple set up and many great features to take advantage of.
Must buy iteam, will not be disappointed
Great addition to the Echo product line
not what expected!
Good when it works!
accessibility
EXCELLENT
Amazon perfection
Need a little patient but a great little product
Works great!
Great microphones
What a scam.
Love...hate!
Best Christmas gift ever
Warm
No problems with so far
Not a reliable product
great entertainment device.
Stopped working after a month.
Great Product!
The more we use it, the more it learns
Needs work
Pretty Fun to have
AWESOME!!!
Goodbye cable
Having fun learning how to teach skills
Awesome!
Can?t control Directv receiver.
Like the integration
Awesome
Works great!!!
Alexa is Cool
Great For Popular Mainstream Products
Happy to watcher
It?s a good listener and so easy to find easy what you want to watch
Enjoy it. Say the name clearly
Great product.
Feels like it is not quite done
Fast and easy to use.
Fun Device
Fire Cube
Great!
Good
Convienient
It is not able to control cable box or switch between sources
love
In love
Love it
Best TV device hands down
All in one
Easy to use
Great Buy
Black Friday deal!
Great product with some minor flaws
Hands free tv control is great
excellent
FIRE TV CUBE
New tv shows and movies  technology
Get the fire stick
I enjoyed every day
works good
Good memory
very cool technology
Great addition
tom's review
Great product!
Awesome Way to Watch TV
Good at streaming
Meh
good price
This is great !!!  Love it !!!
No AirPlay built in major disadvantage
It does whatever it wants
Good
I like it
.....
Easy to set up
This product is phenomenal and does what it says it can do.
Limited File Recognition
Amazon Cube ie Awesome
I'd stick to the echo
I was expecting it to do the same as an echo
Good Product
Does not work with Echo Dot
Must Buy
No more remote
Love my fire cube
Upgrade from your dot
Need more apps - Youytrube TV would be perfect, then cut cable.
User friendly
great price, black Friday
Good But Not Great
If they can fix the volume 5 stars.
Easy set up
Fire TV Cube
best fire tv yet
Works great, I really like it
Cube needs a clock
Great fun
A lot of fun to use.
Definitely Recommended
Perfect!
review
The best fire tv option
NIcer
Great tv friend
Over all great product
Needs to learn to control HDMI switch.
Cubed
Easy to use
The best yet
Hands free for the Win!
Alexa cube
It?s a neat gadget!!
Save for AppleTV
Unlimited choices to choose
Not all streaming apps are supported.
Very good jobs think
Hope I didn't waste my money
Fire TV fan
Fire tv cube
Not what you think
Fire TV Cube
It's worth the money for New fire tv users
Good buy
Almost awesome
Amazing! Easy Set-up!
This controls everything, tv, cable, DVD player and all the lights.
Not worth it
Great
Will not work with my Samsung Smart TV
Garbage
Not the best for DirectTV Now
good but not great
Great features but Alexa is not very smart.
Died Within 5 Weeks
THIS WAS A GIFT
Great
as described, would buy again
Handles it all with voice control
Alexa keeps getting better!!
Well designed and built smart appliance
Goodbye remotes
2010 Visio Tv streams better than this! TERRIBLE
Overall good/great product- a little slow for the price!
Echo over cube for now
Great Product
Losing wifi connections
This cube is awesome!!!!
I impressed. Love it.
Cool toy
Setup with receiver and switching.
Alexa upgrade
Exactly as described
Great for Tv
Like Having A Smart Friend
Easy to set up
Love it
everything
Love it
Don't know what your missing it you don't have this
Best smart device ever
For me, operates the tv and receiver without having line of sight.
Like it very
Great Product Fast Shipping
Fantastic
VUDU
Easy to use and lots of storage
Fire cube
Good capabilities buy failed delivery on the software
Awesome keep improving please
Nice device
You can't go wrong with this.
Not worth the money
Pretty cool needs more ir capability
Hey, It's Alexa Squared .. lol
Kind of works
Easy setup
Missing parts
Not worth it
Watch you tube first
Good gadget!
Not perfect but good
It?s good but....
I enjoy my Fire TV, the no hands on and off.
I highly recommend it for everybody if I had a chance to buy it again I would
Fire TV is Hot Fire!
It?s a less good echo and less good fire tv
Good
No built in music speaker.
Wicked
Love it
Storage and extra memory
Not for all internet providers
easy to setup
Fire cube
Disappointment: no YouTube TV.
Awesome!
Loving the voice control
Don't buy
Great Streamer
Easy setup great interface
Love this thing so far!
Impressive
Quality product
Never worked
Streams great and fun
Buggy
Awesome
Good idea, poor execution
Voice control
Awesome experience!
Fire TV Cube
Great Alexa in a Small Capable Package
Great product
Garb
More improvements needed
May be limited by devices. My Sharp TV only displays up to 720p. Time for a new TV, I know.
Amazing product
It?s a junk box does not have dolly vision the picture look ugly
INSTALLATION
Love my Fire Cube
The best TV experience I?ve ever had.
Many options
Great product
Instructions how to set it up. Took most of the day
Love the size
Fire Cube
I AM ALEXA TV CUBE YOU WILL OBAY ME !
Love this
Good item but disappointed in amazon
Great Product
Always freeze after download any app
Fire Cube is a great option for streaming media
Works pretty good
Works well
works good
Very disappointed
Great gifts for your parenta
Price and effect
By a fire stick
Love it
Fire tv cube
Awesome product!
Fire TV cube
Alexa doesnt work with all apps.
Amazing Device!
no way to operate without talking to it
Great service
The Best In TV Watching. The Fire Cube.
Didn?t pay attention and got a fire cube instead of fire stick, but ended up loving the fire cube
Amazingly fun!
Disappointed, lame device
Nearly worthless and frustrating
Best purchase I?ve made in a long time!
TV made simple
Works great
fire tv Cube
Awesome
Voice command kinks
Saved me money on cable
Nice
Alexa no se configura en espa?ol.
Turned our dumb tv into a smart tv
A+
Handsfree!
Love the Fire TV Cube
Works like a charm, does everything and more.
In LOVEEE
Great Alexa
Great product
Works great
Great item
People
Love It
Neat device, but the limitations make it not amazing
Cuts in!
Earlier review was not justified.  Looks like problem was with Uverse receiver not the Fire cube
Awesome
On and off button
Great
Unresponsive
Alexa is Awesome!
Great system!
It's ok still needs work
Awesome deal
Great for being lazy and not looking for the alexa remote!
Love it
Easy to install
Handsfree!!!
Options in settings
Works great.
Great to have around!
Terrible
It's better than the aps on my Samsung QLED TV!
The Cube is the way to go!
Just no!
Great device if you?re only using it for amazon/Hulu/Netflix/etc
4K Fire Cube
Good product, but it has an inconvenient glitch
I would recommend
Can?t register
Easy to use
Love the Cube
??????
Cox Contour
Satisfied
Eh save your money and just get regular fire stick
Cool tv voice control
Works great!
Fire TV Cube, hands-free with Alexa and 4K Ultra HD
Prime Members get FREE services
Easy to install.
Works great!
Needs work
Great processing speed
U moving into 21 Century technology ?
The Best!
No speaker like the echo or others still worth it
HOW DO IINSTALL IT
cube
Not really sure why ppl give less than 5 stars
Makes Watching TV Fun Again
Love it!
Easy to use
Does everything it says it can do and more!
Awesome
Ok
The future is here
Love it!
Talk to it
Fire TV Cube.
Audio stopped working to TV, AV receiver doesn't work
Doesn't include HDMI cable
Really easy to use
Easy to use, lacks Roku stream technology
How to use the comands
Love it
Great Product with easy interface.
Poor sound quality
Streaming Device That Can't Stream
Love it!
Nice gadget
Fast and easy setup just make sure your equipment is compatible
My husband loves it
Let down..
Works Good.
It?s worth the extra money.
Satisfied customer
Easy
Awesome but too new to give a 5
Dissatisfied
waste of $
Works great
Awesome Technology
Easy Hook Up
Slower
Great buy
Fire TV cube
Not very responsive
Alexa Makes it Awesome
Need patience and your remote
Fire Cube
BETTER THAN THE FIRESTICK
Remote control is free awesome
The Fire Cube is great!
Want more of them
Good proudct not perfect
What I like & wish fire tv cube could do
It is a miss and hit on all accounts, no particular strengths (AVOID)
Quality Product.
Works great
Confused
JUNK!!!!
it activates itself, some shows have the same names as song be sure to specify what you want
Another winner
Works great
Great device with a catch
Easy to install
Great Product
it really works!
Cool but yeah
Amazon cube review
Works great.
Worth the money!
Alexa app
Easy to use
Yes to Fire TV!
The idea is good but needs work.
Love it!!!!
VERIZON ads
Great
Awesome Cube.
Solid
Convient
Fire TV Cube
Fire TV cube
Best Smart Media Player
Works perfectly!
Remember it's a home mic. Basically
Alexa Ignores
Good product
Must buy
Easy set up
TV cube
Great smart tv solution.
Okay but Apple TV is better
Small but effective
Neat Device
Bad mic & Freezes.
Amazon needs to improve the cube?s performance
Alexa control is terrible.
Fire Cube not so hot
It works great
Has a hard time picking up voice.
Lacking
A little disappointed
Tonka toy
Sound problem
Why doesn?t it shut off tv when instructed to do so
Hands Free
Nice little addon
I love my cube.
Amazing how good this thing is!!
Need help to use it
Needs work
Love ?? it!
Awesome
Top quality
Nice idea but needs work!
Responsiveness
Super easy to use
Good if you don't have Alexa in your home
it has given me everything i wanted
Great product
This is pretty cool!
Works great hands free
not what i expected
Easys installation and setup
Best
Tinkering
Fire Cube
Love it
Great!!!
Was hard to figure out, but mission accomplished!!
One remote for controlling firetv, tv, sound bar and set top boxes
Great alternative to cable.
Glad I bought it
Great smart box.
High quality streamer Very satisfied.
Talk About Luxury
Watch what you download my not be free
Great Product!
Alexa Voice Control Doesnt Work
Works Great!
hands free remote
Christmas gift
Does not work on cables tv
Worthy purchase
The ultimate
Almost there
Great product
Fire Tv Cube great alternative to Cable
Should of spent more on better box
Works Great!
buy it
Alot of programs
I love it!
Glad I bought it for 60 dollars on black Friday deal instead of the 130 they normally ask for
picture is better
Cube works GREAT!
Great stuff from amazon
Hands free remote!
Lots of bugs!
Pleasantly Surprised!
horrible
Voice command.
Not best streaming device
Being a member of Amazon has it benefits ?
Alexa Fire TV Cube
SUPER
Mostly Great
Correct setup for smart devices
Overall works as advertised
Works just like advertised
Awesome
So it turns my TV on and off, and plays my music.
no volume control
Works great
Best on off device
Constant outages
Needs to come with how to use directions.with streaming devices
Easy to set up and fun to use!
The fire cube with Alexa is fantastic
Does it all.
Useless
Amazon TV fire cube
Very good
Not comparable  with all smart tv
Works well with Onkyo receiver
Alexa voice activates your TV and AV equipment in an ideal world
Garbage
bueno
Good
Controls anything plugged into TV and does most anything a regular Echo will do.
BEAUTIFUL WELL MADE!!
N/A
Great!
Easy set up , if she doesn?t know commands she learns them
Love this gadget!
The best invention since toilet paper
Cut Cable TV Cord
connect very easily
Wow the best I have bought!!!
Good control on connected TV.
Everything you want in fire cube
.
Works great
Super easy
Not worth it.
This is great
Totally hands free experience
Not the best of these devices
Not impressed
More memory and more capabilities!!!!
Easy setup
So easy !! And fun !!
Worked well
Nice
This thing is amazing
Controls all my devices
You don?t have to have remote
Very cool gadget
Awesome Device
Alexa
Gotta get it hooked up
Worth every dollar.
Love it!
I just don?t know
It just works!
Love it
Love the idea waiting to see it work with no problems
My to do girl
Eh its ok
flickering does not stop
Works perfectly
Optical audio output missing
Look Ma! No hands!
This is cool
It has everything I want
Voice Recoginition Is Not The Best
Excellent for Cord cutting.
Alexa will not control
Cool.
Great product
Not worth it..Xfinity does a much better job with voice remote
Great cable cutter
FIRE TV CUBE
KEEPS SIGNING OFF INTERNET
Excellent engineering work went into set-up for non-techies.
Speed and quality
Great for communication with all devices in my TV system.
Great product
Very satisfied
Awesome Product!!!!!!
Easy to set up, Easy to use
Easy to use.
Very nice
Alexa, You Rock.
Worth the money
The Fire TV Cube is awesome!!
Great device
It is worth the money !
Pleasantly surprised!
Love it
Awesome item
Best gift to myself
Save money buy google
Easy to setup and use.
As described, works great.
Great Sound!!
Does not work with Cisco DTA from Spectrum
How did you ever live without it?
More voice commands
Very clear 4K resolution!
This is all I watch
LOVE Alexa
Highly Recommend!
Great product
If you?re not into tech, just gets stick
Awesome device
Amazon Alexsa Tv.
Bad fire tv
Good quality
Make my life easy
Ummmm I dont know that one !!
Control?
It?s name
It was what I wanted
Works
Tech life
Love it! Great Product IMO
It?s the best
Work great
DO NOT BUY!
Does not do all
It?s all what was said  it did.
DirectvNow is very slow
Buy Roku
We love the product but hated the price
Great product-you dont knowcwhat your missing
Incredible Product
Great product.
Alexa, you?re good!
Love It
10/10 Recommend
Very fun and easy to use
Alexa Enabled
Slow, buffers.
No remote
Yes
Convinent and easy
Best Yet
Great for watching just about anything
Doesn't understand basic commands very well
Great gift
All in one package
Solved my problem.
Awesome little cube w/wonderful results
great
IT works Great!
Two for one
Super easy setup. Great device.
Could not be more pleased!
Sensory indulgence
Everyone needs one!
Works great
Not impressed!
Great and amazing ?
Frustration
Awesome!
Great device!
Better than chromecast or roku!
Smart TV apps with Alexa
Love it!
Smart home tie in with TV controls
Hands free is the best thing for me
It connects with the older 4K tv properly.
Love it!!
This is a great product!
Changed my review it sucks never understands me
Steadily advancing and growing!!! I Love It!!
Great 4K Picture at a great price.
Great buy
This New Fire TV Cube is awesomely fast  !!!!
GREAT BUY
Works awesome
Alexa
Easy Set-up!
Works well with TV, sound bar and Dish network.
Easy Peasy
luv it
Slow and choppy
Is that I?m glad to be a part of the amazon community
love it
Only works with new A/V  Receivers. The Fire Cube has IR and should work with
I Love my fire tv cube
Just what the Dr. ordered!!!
Garbage
Very easy to set up
nice
Dissapointed
Save your money
Nice product
returned
To expensive
Alexa is not working!
Super cool
Thumbs Up
Great for TV, sounds cuts out.
Easy
Gifts from Santa
Love it
GOOD BOX NOT SHIELD
Fire cube tv
Muy c?modo
Awesome!
2 in 1 deal! Perfection
Sleek device
Best TV Streamer
Hands free
?
One box does it all.
Keep updating
It?s a fancy IR Blaster that can turn my tv off by voice.. that?s about it
Awesome
Great
The swift response
Dialogue and lips  would not sync
Decent product.
Awesome product at an awesome price!
Glitch
A must buy
no heahline
OUTSTANDING
Best TV Product!
Great Product
Great product
Does not work with my system
Love!
Fantastic little device
Awesome fun and simple to use !
It's good
Easy set up. Best fire tv to date.
Awesome  desig
Does not do what I bought it for!
It's pretty great
Fire cube
sound and quality
sucks
Easy to install
fire cube
It beats all expectations
Great Quality
Easy to Control
It's great entertainment
Still needs work
Crap DVR
Love it
Amazing
Awesome on 4k tv
Nice solution
Starting Point for Any Smart Home!
Best fire device!
The Cube had issue on my network
Not everything is true
mobile
Love controlling TV with Voice
Product is awesome!
Works good
Like Alexa functions, wish it could control ota tv.
Love it
Cube
Great product
It?s okay
Alright Product
It does what it says.
Just ok
Doesn't work at all.
So far, it is great, picture is fantastic!!
Fire tv cube vs fire stick
alexa is better then siri ?
Fire Cube
Works
WHERE?S MY REMOTE.. OH WAIT, IT DOESN?T MATTER..!
Great technology in a small package
Voice Control
Alexa works great and speaker from cube is good
just good
Great Product
Not compatible with Connect. Otherwise it?s great
I love it!
recorded conversations without my knowledge
I?d buy it again.
So convenient easy to use
Easy setup
Best out there
Great when it works, but 15% of time it doesnt
The 3 toed sloth of streaming
Love it
Fire cube
fire cube
No Spotify on Multi Room
Great for streaming
Exceptional
We Love this thing
great item
It has bugs.
Thanks!
Almost perfect
Easy to set up
Works great when I can't find my remote
Two in one
Wonderful product
Easy Peasy
Can?t hook up
Step up from Fire Stick.
Great system
Knowing that I am going to be treated with respect and dealing with honest people.
Needs improvements!!!
Great device.  Wish it had a hub, to control lights as well.
Great 4K streaming device
Frequently needs to be reset
No good with xfinity!!
Plug and play
Works sometimes
Easy to use
Great item
Alexa
Controls home theater system
Amazing Product
Fire Cube
must have!
Browsing
Quality Product
Reclamo
Even works on older TV's that are not smart TV's
Way better than my fire stick
A great fire product
this is worth every penny
Dependable!
User friendly
great little cube
Still has some bugs
It works wonderful
Love it!
Works great
Controler issue
Love it!
TV Cube review
Alexa stop the films
Good! Alexa is smart.
Great
What the product does.
It?s not a true echo device
Short of expentations
Not what I expected
It did more than we knew it could do!
Favorite gift received
Eliminates some remotes
Get one....or two.
Waste of money
Love the product !
Not ready for "prime" time.
Love ir
Quality
Can I use smart lights with the fire tv cube ?
Direct TV and Fire TV.....not a match
Great product
Does not work with older TV,s
Works great
Love It!
Buy one!
IR frounctionality a pro.
Love it!
Solid streaming device
works great
Great unit - Fire TV
Great product & easy to use
You need to be very clear with what you say.
Love it
Easy to use
Hands free
ALEXADOES NOT RESPOND
Great, I like it
Rapidisimo
Very simple to use
Easy and Convenient
Fire tv is better than fire tv cube
Alexia is very proficient
LOVE THIS
easy to set up
Great device
Easy to Use
Great item
Doesn't link with all cable boxes
Easy set up
Meh
It works
Not the most user friendly
Great little box
Best device yet
Sleemless
Fire TV Cube
As expected
Hands Free
Great device
Great and Easy to use
Audio silence
Voice control
Awesome
Fast
Excellent
Make sure it will work with your television!
Excellent
Like alexa
Fantastic
satisfied customer,  will buy again and recommend
Love hands free
Love alexa
Easy, works as stated
Great Service
Change or Identify TV name
Amazing product
Adaptability with Alex
Do not buy
best fire tv device yet
Fire TV Cube
Works great
Love it!
Love it!!
Great product
Great solution to not use multiple controllers anymore.
Love the Voice control!
Bad description
May not work with cable TV box
Surprised how it will change TV
Easy to setup.
Simple
Nice !!!
Great Little Fire Box
Fun and useful
Great voice activated With Alexa product!
Fire tv Cube
NO SPANISH CONTENT
Easy to use.
Just like I expected very satisfied
Works well with devices
Buffering drives me NUTS!
Glitchy
Worked great
Stay with old fire option
Great
She need more work
Smart home
Being able to watch other channels
Fire tv cube.
Arrived as expected & would purchase again!
Ease of searching for specific things
Worthy of the price
solution to all options like chromecast, online streaming, TV..... wow!!
Low volume
Need HD cord
All is good except for
Fast and Awesome Interface! A Worthy Upgrade.
Not very impressed.
How to use the cube
It?s Amazing
so far so good
Having a personal assistant
Best deal
Just the best.
Great
It?s awesome and easy to use as well as Alexa she?s great
help
Amazon Echo and fire TV all in one device.
I hard wired from router. works great
Easy to set up
Wouldn't respond
We love our new TV Cube!!
Doesn't work as promised
Fun to be on the cutting edge
Work great! Good value!
Great addition
Very disappointed
voice activated
checando mi firebox
Misleading in purchassi on TV shopping
Fantastic
It cut off
Be patient
That it works just as advertised
Alexa what's the weather like
So great
Great product
Build in Alexa!
I would like to write too!
I love ? my alexia fire tv
Great product
If you enjoy your Alexa devices you will love the cube!
I would like it but...
set up was easy
Simplify you tv experience
I would say the feathers
Love it!
Better than a stick
very limited
I love the Fire TV
Best of both worlds
Cube is a Hit!!
a great buy
It takes up little to no space and works great!
Great value and quick shipping
You can control many devices with alexa
Voice command!
Fire TV Cube
Fire Cube
Works great
Buying another one soon
Best product!
Great Gadget
outstanding
Fire Cube
The Wonder Cube!
Easy to use
Awesome!!!!!
GREAT LITTLE BOX!
Cube
FIRE TV CUBE is the Best!
Free hands
Great device
Can?t change channel on regular days tv, but does for App based channels.
Don't have to use the remote.
Awesome tool
Great for home automation
Really easy to use out of the box
A Great Buy
I love it.
e to deprogram  it so they  won't hear your doorbell ringing if you've got a ring at your house.
True plug and play
Christmas gift
It will direct your device quick
Is important to learn to use it. Works very well
I love all the extra storage space on it what?sRock in the house
Easy Peasy!
Nice but hard of hearing
Great Device
Not you Alexa tower, fire tv.
Best streaming media player period
It?s one of the best amazon products ever
Value
Li
very cool
It?s o k
Voice comands
You don't need cable any more
Worth it
Occasionally drop network connection
Its the first tech product i have ever purchased that does everything it says it does.
Amazon Fire Cube TV
Easy to use
Excellent purchase
So happy with fire cube
Easy install. Works beautifully
Minor glitch
Easy set up
Alexa Listens well!
Super easy to setup!
love it
Easy to set up and use.
Fire cube
it is great
was complete and functions as stated would
Inconsistent, but like it when it worked
No Spectrum
Awesome addition to your living space.
Amazon Fire cube
Hands free TV
Do not buy
Love It
Great experience
fire cube
About product
Great gadget.
Ethernet Adapter
Very enjoyable
So far works well
Cube
Good!!!
We love this!
Desagrado total..
Gold Star Service for ebayers, and Late Night Hero for Uber, Highest Possible Award for Amazon Prime
Plug n play
It's voice command also
No more remote
Fix Ir
Easy to setup
not doing what it supost to do
Great price !!!! Great product !!!!!
It should have mom or expansion slot.
Snappy and very responsive. TONS of device integrations
Love it
Fire TV Cube, hands-free with Alexa and 4K Ultra HD
Easy setup
love it
OK
It's easy, and fast!
Don?t  waste your money it?s crap
Awesome addition
Fun
We Love It !
Excellent Product
The remote the volume the mute
Great device!
Love it!
Easy to use
works great
AWESOME!!!!!!
Awesome
Fire cube
Controls Samsung TV just as advertised.
Love the fire cube
works well
the ease of connecting to all my devices
work great
No ?
Great box
missing features
Best investment I?ve ever made
No complaints!
I like the look
Easy to install.
Super awesome
stinks
Great product and easy to use!
Super fast
Great item
Box went out
Works as described
Great
Great
Great Buy
Great investment
Amazing to control the TV
Price and Channels
It puts the shows on the television....
Awesome device
GREAT
Great Product
Fire ? TV Cube awesome
Love it
Thumbs up
The size that is easy to put anywhere
This much better
How to woek the remotes and navigate through the system.
Amazon prime account necessary
Just don't like to buy all the apps
Great product
Alexa ignores me.
It is good to learn the different commands
Very nice
Great but is making my kid?s lazy!
Works great
N/a
Works well
dose not respond
Above Expectations!!!
Alexa is great
Alexa works great at voice commands.
It?s a great helper
Good box
Cannot make phone calls
Fair quality parts
You don't have to use the remote
price
Set up
Rather use my AppleTV
Fire Cube is excellent
Awesome product
YouTube and Netflix
Easy to setup
doesn't work most the time
Smart purchase.
Great device
I have two in one...echo device and a tv
Poor Reliability
Great buy
Awesome
if there is another Alexa echo in the vicinity the cube is not able to distinguish between devices
Good so far
Use ?Alexa? it really helps.
It?s easy to install
Great Product
The easy way to use hands free
This is awesome
Awesome
Great product
We love our new friend Alexa!!
connivance
The cube works with TV on only
It Works
Great product
Awsome
Like it
Excellent Streaming Device to aggregate multiple services
It?s....alright.
Amazing
Easy set up
Way better than the stick
Happy Campers
Woeks well with all brands of tv's and audio systems
Love it
that it works properly !!!
The best thing since the fire stick
Fantastic
Awesome
Amazing Fire TV. I like the experience with ALEXA.
Great way to watch movies and TV
Fast, Powerful and Alexa is Awesome
Love it, love it, love it !!!!!
REally Good But has a little work to do.
Great product and easy setup
Alexa's sidekick
to get the fire cube as you say it will
Works Perfect
Best FireTV ever...
Alexa
? great
Cut the cable.
Love
Way to go
Great
Works Well
Alexa is not a Human Being
Best Christmas Gift
FAST
echo hearing
Great buy
It doesn't listen
Slow
LOVE ALEXA
Voice
Fire TV cube is awesome.
Great item
Half alexa
The CUBE is the greatest to watch all kinds of movies or what ever you want
Look mom NO HANDS!!!
Easy to use
Good device
Nice
Awesome device
FIRE cube love it
Happy to have it!!!
I need one in every room!
MUST BUY!!!
Great device
The best Akexa-video cube.
Quality
Must buy must have
Best Alexa device out there!!!
Recomendable
Cool Product
Love It
Good product
Still learning
Good Buy
Cube!!!!!
Works as Advertised
on time
It's cool
Best if the cube is placed under your tv.
more storege!!
Are there going to be showing local channels
Easy to setup and control other devices
Order problem is the Alaska cannot tell the correct outside temperatureo
Alexa addition makes it worth it
excellent
Keep phone safe from breaking
So easy, an old guy can do it!
Great edition to my fire tv collection
It works GREAT.
Where to place the cube
Great wireless streaming device!
no bluetooth
Very Good
I have less to do with my remotes.
Great product, highly recommend.
Excellent Value
Cube doesn?t work with Apple music
Fire TV Cube works just like advertised.
Good price
good device
Worth it
I like it
The best!
Only
Glitchy
Easy to set up.
Don?t buy
Works so great
#1 Fire Tv Cube
It was a Christmas present.
very satisfied
Amazing!!!!!!!
Good overall
still learning to use it but i like it. can we add apps to it later??
meet expectations
Todo ok
its ok
Love it!
A BREEZE TO USE!!!!
Everything we wanted and more
Fire cube tv 4k freezing
Enjoy having a built in Echo
outdated
Great product
Great device. Recommend for sure
More than I was expecting!
Having problems with the steaming
Great Cube
Is amazing
Have enough or fast enough wi fit to support unit
Fire TV
at&t vs fire tv
Easy to use and set up
Hace todo
Quick and easy set up
Simple to use and connect
It's the best cube ever
Nothing
It was very easy to set up and operate.
Alexa
Terrible Product
Love it
Great buy
Well worth it
Alexa is so responsive
It's supports 4k
Great product!!
it's totally hands =free... almost
Easy set up and easy to use.
Easy to set up
Awesome product!!
Fire stick plus Alexa
easy to set up
Internet input
Excellent product
Laziness automated
Great product!
Review
Would not work like Alexa controlling lights
Love my cube that is fire tv
It works
Great
Awesome device !
I love it .
Soon i will not need cable
Update
Great Amazon Cube
Works great
Fire box???
Love the voice activation on most of my electronics.
Fire TV Cube
So awesome!
cool
It does what it says
Easy set up....
Fantastic
Good tv.
Great TV at low cost
Nice item
This product slows down all the other products in the house.
Amazing
Great
New
How to work Alexia to watch my tv shows
your name
Alexa control my kids
The light never goes out
Worth the money
Many channels
This product is great!!
LOVE THIS!
Good
Works Great
Work great.
Poor performance
I love it
This is a must for anyone who uses Netflix Hulu or any other streaming network.
Trust
Needs to be faster but works well
I LOVE MINE
Just okay.
Love it
Great all around
I love it
It?s a good device
Love It
Voice recognition
Fire cube
Nice product
Cube
Should?ve waited for version two
Works Great
THE Helper
very nice
Great device
????????
Fire tv cube
New TV life
Remote Free!
I love it
Good item
Great product
Boyfriend is happy, so I am!
Hands free
Do research be fore you buy
annoying alexa tip popup
???
Its great
Didn?t like it
The fire cube
Tv made simple
Works great
Love it!
Buy it
Great for the money
Best thing happened to my projector
Voice Control all Entertainment Pieces
Awesome!
Great product
U don?t have to move to change channels
Need item
Fire TV Cube
Your old TV works like magic
This thing understand me better than my ex-wife
Works great
Great product
I love the Alexa
Fire Cube love!!
Liked
Great
Alexa
Lol
Truth in advertising
Cube is great
cube
TV done right
Impressive ?
Faltan funciones
Love Alexa and my Fire Cube
I like it
Easy to setup
FIRE CUBE
works as advertised
Awesome
Works great!!
It's reliable
Idiot Proof
Love it love the pay
Easy to use
Everything In One Place
Easy to use!
produce would not load
fire tv cube
Great purchase
Product does not work and the service was subpar
Love the cube
The person did not have a smart tv
Does what it claims to do
I love it
LOVE IT
Awesome product
used to replace tv remote
Love it
Works wonderfully
How to fine evwriavaiable to mw
Worth buying over any other stream box
Great product
Love it!
I love it
very good item
Shows
Streaming 4k & equipment integration is awesome!
Love works with my older tv in my room as well
She do the I say her
Sooo Much Fun
The Price was right
I like it
Very nice, thanks
Very good
Should have calling Device
very good speed
The best
Great integration with Alexa products
Alexa fire tv is amazing
N/A
It's better than a all in one remote
Not great
It takes some time to download channels you like ect
Awesome
Love it
Great
Unbelievable selections!
Get it as soon as possible very fun
I love it
Very helpful when I don?t want to get out of bed.
Great Product
Amazing product
worth the money!!!!
ALEXA CUBE IS GREAT
Quality
none.
the jury is still out
Great buy
Turns on vizio
Great item
Don?t work with my tv
Nice
Excelente
Its not perfect but does a really good job. Also it's functionality is always being upgraded.
Love It !!
Listens well
Useless
Lemon
Like how you can ask anything
Make sure you have good internet.
Better than satellite!
Working product
Ir system makes this super convenient
Being nice
Watching YouTube and Netflix moves
The cube Speaking to Alexa
Alexa
Awesome
Easy to use
Very pleased.
Very easy to set up and use
best customer service
Performance
Satisfied Customer
Can handle all the devices from sound bars to the lights of the house.
I LOVE IT
Works great
Works great
Great product!
Do not put it close to anything that makes sound.
xmas gift
Excellent product
Love it
Excellent
Everything is ok
Excellent
Buy it
Awesome
Really awesome
Easy to install
Amazon is the greatest!!
Disappointing
Love it
Works great
It will turn on and off your TV!
nice
very happy and very simple
I love Amazon products
It's all good , I was very please
A++++
Nice
good cable
Hola
Nice product
It's very easy to set up
Impressed so far
A great product.
as advertised
Very easy to setup and very easy to use.
Great Product
firecube
good buy
Awesome
Alexa is very responsive
Be relaxed
Easy set up
Good product
Is awesome
amazon fire cube
Didn?t work
cost
Better then roku
Television
It?s amazing
This thing is awesome
Works great!
The features are amazing
great by Amazon
It works great
Cover light if you want it to be hidden and it will not charlott the way it works
Great device
nothing
Love it
Awesome
Works great
Easy to use
Good customer service
Great item
Headline
Good
Ease of set up
Makes TV respond faster somehow
Super great Fire TV Cube
bad experience with this package !!
Updated review on our gift -much better!
Not ready yet...  and not disabled friendly yet.
For the community.
The processor is weaker than the 2nd Generation Fire TV
Does not support YuutubeTV
Time-out puts all the way back at the beginning.
This device is awful.  Get a Roku instead!
Underwhelming in every way and annoying to use.
I want to love it, but I only like it
Good concept but bad execution
Apple TV versus all new technology
Most annoying cube since Rubik's
Fire tv sliding backwards
You loose your WIFI connection and the Fire Cube goes into panic mode.
I made the wrong decision!
Hmm, let's try this again...
Controls LG TV and Sony Soundbar, wish it could control OTA tuner
The worst device to come out of Amazon.
Great in theory, misses the mark in practice
Didn?t work
Alexa is great, but needs to be limited to TV responses
Unstable
not what i expected
I am Apple bound!
Love it
Some apps perform very badly.
Well overpriced for what you get
Doesn't have a optical digital out.
Not made with customer in mind
Does Everything Perfectly!
Does not work how it should
HDMI cable is required but not included
bring back regular Fire TV w/remote
Buggy
Easy to setup
Buy a fire stick and a dot instead
Don't buy!!! Get the roku ultra instead!!!
Falsely claims it has a YouTube.
If you get as a gift Amazon makes very hard to return.
Annoying
Awful!
Can control a TV and sound bar if newer
Missing one thing, in my opinion...
terrible customer service
Don't buy used
Problem with Fire TV
Malware on my phone
If you thinking about getting it. Buy it.
fire cube
How do you remove the back remote cover?
Not as fast as old Fire TV box
set up issues
responses
Do not recommend
Annoying
Inter-brand integration of voice commands
slow slow slow
good product
La veracidad de la informaci?n
Alersa
good
Love the new features!
Easy setup
I can pretty much throw my remote away!
Great potential, unrealized due to poor software execution.
I was neverous after the reviews.  Glad I bought!!
"Why can't you put the Fire Cube on this TV dad?"
Magical Gadget
Alexa improved the capabilities....
Now I get it!
Wait for sale
Love this product!
Amazing and surprisingly true to it's promises but microusb storage connector is rediculous!
Very good integration with Alexa environment
Makes things easier, and the picture quality is stellar.
It has a great new remote but...
Customer service is outstanding
GAME CHANGER!!
Go Alexa!!
Fire TV Cube, hands-free with Alexa and 4K Ultra HD
Only works half the time
Excellent!
Doesn't come with all you need
Interacts with Alexa commands
Not worth it but ok when it is working
Works with a hub/switch
Excellent Christmas present for my son.
Easy
I love this so much honestly
A Step in the Right Direction
Love it!
Great
Automated equipment sync sound issues
It works and is fun
Gotta love that Alexa
BEST AMAZON FIRE TV
Highly recommend this, well worth it.
Our favorite echo product
Effortless
Cord cutting has never been easier!
Amazing! Combines Alexa and TV Hub
Works with everything
I love it
Great investment
Very rarely does it do what I ask.
affordable price
Great Product
A little slow
The best
Great product
Love it!!
Love this little box.
Expectations were great and it came close
Definitely recommending for someone to buy this and try it out.
Deff different
Works Great
we like it.  add to my alexa collection
Great accessory
nice
How to get it to work
What?s Not To Love
Love it
Nice
Anybody can set it up so easy to do
Awesome
This one works
Great product
Nice
Awesome!!!
Works the TV, sound bar, cable, Netflix & FireTV
Great price
Clever product
Works great and cost effective based on the 50% discount deal of the day
I love it!
Nothing.
Thank god for more on board storage but needs built in Ethernet and USB
Amazing product
great product working very well
Just don't talk about her or watch a movie starring a girl named alexis
Yeyyy!!!
nice
First time user.
Cube
A+
Nifty tech to have
Great product
Great Product!
Facilita el uso de la Tv.
Fire cube
Love it!!!
Gift
Love it
Love it!
great
Everything you?re looking for and more!
staying up todaten
Does not support YouTube TV. Fail. Putting Competition before Customers.
DO NOT RECOMMEND
Very practical.
Especially good
IT IS THE BOMB!!!!!!!
streams without issue
Arrived on time and worked just as described
Basically a 4K Fire TV Stick with built in Echo Dot
Nothing
It speaks for itself
It is wonderful
Good unit
Fun to use
The selection of available applications
great product!
Everyone needs one.
Contoller is not working properly
Pile of crap
Easy to find a place for it as it is a small cube.
Nice, but it doesn't control my TCL TV
Ok
WoRuth every penny
My favorite!
Fire TV Cube
Haven't found anything we don't like about it!
Absolutely thrilled with it!!!!
Worth the value
I love having all the features in one device!
How cool
Lots of fun
Buggy
Great way to watch your favorite shows and movies!
Fire Cube with Alexa great way to control your smart home
Installation issues
What took me so long?
Nice and easy
Fire TV Cube with Alexa and 4K Ultra HD
Easy to use
Laggy
Losing connection
cube
Returned it within a week
It come on time and is Exacly like  pic
awesome
Frustrating
50/50
it is a joke
Great Interface on most apps
Fast delivery
Works well
Not enough Buffer
Works good, but works slow.
No Vudu app = dealbreaker
Amazing functionality in a small cube
Great
No need to know ,Alexa's there.
Great product
Not that great
VOICE CONTROL
Just learn commands
voice is easy
Easy to install
One key feature missing
Good at first....Now Bad
Love the Alexa Voice Remote
I like that I can control so many devices by voice commands
Location of unit.
Best combo device for streaming and Alexa function
Painfully slow.
Work Better then expected
Works great with old Tvs
Very much underpowered processor with underwhelming controls. Wait for version 2 or later.
Keep up the good work
Not consistent
it has more data
Two in one is not always best
Not as expected.
To know as long as Alexa can hear me she will do what is asked of her.
Simple to use.  Voice activated.
Buy it wont regret it
Very Disappointing
FireTv has one major shortcoming . . .
Perfect
Junk
Does NOT work with Xfinity
Easy setup
Great voice recognition!
Fantastic way to control all your entertainment
Awesome piece of tech
works well....95% of the time
Amazon fire tv is the best
Excellent for Controlling your TV and all your Amazon Books and Music
great. But takes a minute to get used to.
Streams shows fast
Good...when it works
Needs improvement
Not all that it?s cracked up to be.
Great Upgrade from the Fire Stick
Works Great.  Needs some updates
Best Fire TV Yet!
Great!
New enhancements and faster processing.
GREAT UPDATE
Will be the perfect theater room device once drop in is enabled
Exactly as described
SLOW
A Couch Potatoes Dream!! You'll Love the Fire Cube
No a panacea
Overpriced
Works well but missing some Alexa functionality on other Alexa devives
PRICE AND EASE OF USE
The only way to watch TV.
It?s user friendly
This thing is awesome!
Always buffering even running google fiber?
Love my cube
Ditched the dish
Obvious improvements needed
You cannot stream You Tube TV.
easy to access
You are being listened to by the governmeb
Great product
Voice controlled is excellent
alexa broken
Great, But!!!!!
Not a fire cube, order filled incorrectly
Love it.  Work just fine
Ease of Setup
It's great. You can ask her just about anything.
Not compatible with my Yamaha Receiver
Easy to use
Cube is JUNK
Great device.
Dont let cable companies rip you off anymore.
Recommended
Tv on off = doesn?t work.
Works well
Not perfect but good and improving
Ease to use and setup.  Integrated my audio receiver with my tv to Alexa commands
Literally love my new Streaming media
Not worth the worry of big brother...
As expected
Its ok
Very nice!
AWESOME!
I think it?s great
Check Compatibility of Device, (Make sure even read small lines)
Wasn?t as good as expected
Makes cutting the cable cord a breeze.
overall a good value for the money.
No music
Support more sound bars
Pretty good and a lot of room to improve
Needs work
Nice, but a little buggy
Great! Hands Free! Alexa love!
Didnt work
Does too many things, and none well.
Good addition to any TV setup
Will not play I Heart Radio
Cube locks up.
Great product!
Records everything?
I love it- completely addicting!
Piece of Junk
DOESN'T OVER HEAT LIKE FIRESTICK DID.
Hate starting at the 1st episode EVERY time
Amazing Amazon fire TV cube
Great , great great
the remote feature not do all the job I want
Available Viewing
Will be awesome when all the kinks are worked out
It takes alot of programming/setup, not so easy.
Could be much better
Cube problems
Makes your smart tv smarter
Love it
Control all tv functions
Love the cube.
Nice
Alexa is amazing
Good device but useless if you want Dolby Digital!Amazon needs to audio delay with Dolby Digital
Love it!
great
Quality product and installation instructions are clear
Nice!!!
You will spend 10 minutes a day getting this device to work as described
Works as intended
Very nice
Fatal design flaw
Was skeptical but I like...
Unit is very slow to respond to remote commands.
Cannot save settings after software upgrade
Refurbished Roku works great! Complete with remote and power supply!
New Dolby Digital Plus-compatible receiver? Get this stick. Older receiver that doesn't do DD+? Get the 2016 Roku Ultra instead
With a working Roku instillation was quick and easy. Much time wasted on a defective unit
Easy to program, may not need it.
Doesn?t work
Definitely a refrub
Surprisingly slow
Not happy wit the purchase and going to return it
Refurbished is a problem
Cutting the cable cord? Solution Roku !
McCarthy like secret Blacklisting
It did not work
The best value and quality you can get for a 1080p TV. Might even be better than your built in apps!
What?s not to like?  It?s amazing!
Remote keeps losing connection
Very Useful, But Overheats
sticks work great. However
Great Product
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER
Doesnt work
Overheats and only intermittently connects to wifi
Roku is the best
Advertisements are inappropriate but better than firestick
Probably should avoid the refurbished rokus
Super simple, does what it needs to
Love the TV volume and on/off controls on this Roku stick
Don?t buy refurb. Not tested.
Great for youtube Tv
Not happy with the purchase
Highly recommended
Dead after 6 months
Great for video, the remote needs some work
Your have the right pick
Very disappointed. I'm not sure if it was the Roku ...
Might not fit all TVs
I love the remote
It works
Love it!
Better than the Firestick!
love my roku, but terrible customer service
changed batteries and tried everything but it seems like 'refurbished' just means used and broken
They just keep getting better and better
Perfect for Spectrum streaming app and pretty much every other streaming service
So easy
Shipped OK, item is a bit wonky.
Good, but be careful of specs
Not refurbished to factory standards
Great product easy to use.
FINE, BUT EXPENSIVE REMOTE REPLACEMENT
Love my Roku.
Near Perfect with tv power and volume controls to boot
2 units received both defective.
Defective Unit- Beware of "refurbished"
Problems with remote
couldn't work
I like Roku
NEW WORLD OF TV FOR A GEEZER
Faster, better, updated remote
Reliable and versitile
Our family loves Roku
Love it
Breaks down quickly
Enhnaced Remote Lag FIX; Slow Remote Fix
Once I got past the big tech problem, it's great
Looks good and works pretty well!
BUYER BEWARE -- Love the product- Seller is crap
RESET RESET RESET!
Not refurbished very well
Everything was good except broken wire out of the box.
Scam tied to this Roku
To stream or not to stream?
Don't buy refurbished!
Very easy to use but either distance or LoS is biting me
Cannot replace the remote if lost
Good, but check your equipment
My unit only works occasionally
Certified Refurbished Roku 3800XB Streaming Stick (2017 EDITION) Sold by: MallStop
Always freezing!
Buying Refurbished Is Recycling.
DO NOT BUY
so good! I was waiting for the price to go ...
Avoid these defective products!
MLB Baseball Watcher
Works as advertised
BUYER BEWARE
Junk and not refurbished
DO NOT BUY THIS!
Great product
Awesome - Xfinity TV Anywhere
So easy a child could set it up
defective unit- haven't heard from customer service
Bye, Bye, Cable!
Amazing with YouTube TV
Remote stopped working after 4 months
Pairing Issues
So far so good! We have used it only two days
Didn't last 6 months before problems started.
This little thing works great!
Remote Failed 32 Days after purchasing
Works as described
Just like new, only less expensive.
Bad right out of the box
Fast connectivity, easy set up
Simply The Best.
Tv stick.
Awesome Deal !!!
DEFECTIVE
Awesome...
Worked for 5 Months
Love these Rokus
Buyer beware
Great product, bad refurb ...
Lets see bought in June FAILED ITEM
No good!
Ripped off
Roku Certified Refurbished Streaming Stick
Malfunctioning remote
Good enough
I have a roku house now
Awful Success Rate
Works well as expected, recommended.
Refurb but works great
90 days warranty is not long enough
Great product, but started overheating ..
Outsatnding buy
Awesome!
Easy to use
Exposed Wires
Roku is the way to go
Defective out of the box
Burning hot Roku
Roku wins!
5G compatible
Dead Roku Stick
Like the convenience of turning the TV on/off, Volume Up/Down and controlling the Roku, all with one Remote.
... few issues on getting it set up but works fine now great interface
Definitely loving the Roku life
... work the remote didn't pair with it it was crappy but I have another one that work just fine ...
Love it BUT overheat message scared me!
Works well
I would buy it over the fire stick!
This thing is s cool. I have a Roku TV
works just fine
Gets the job done!
Great Option to add a TV to comcast
Good purchase
Great product.
Love my Roku
Great bang for buck in replacing cable boxes
Plug and Play.. Really!
A bit slow
Do not buy.
Want to love it, but the remote control does not work
Great streaming device!
Great Device!
Roku dont work just got in mail today
Doesnt catch the wifi signal
Quality wasn?t a concern apparently
Didn't realize this was a refurbished unit.  It doesn't connect
Failed Refurb
Great price
LOVE IT !!!!
Worked great for 7 months until it stopped working
This device doesn't work
Very disappointed.
Best streaming option
Easy to install and great quality
Simple and easy
Great buy
PRODUCT OVERHEATS
did not work properly
Junk
Works intermittently
Bye bye cable tv
Love it!
That the Roku comes with a charger
Cut Your Cable Bill in half. Buy a Roku!
WRONG ITEM SENT
Quality
Best Roku stick yet
Works great! Easy install.
Love Roku
Refurb was a great value!
Remote works 50% of the time
Nice Product, great value, Cable Companies make it hard to use
Remote stopped working
Remote doesn't always work.
Works great
Great product
Easy Install
Amazing Product and Great for Streaming
Doesn't work
Wide selection
Only works half the time and has a mind of its own
Great upgraded remote with TV power and volume control
Don?t buy...you don?t get what?s advertised.
Works
Junk don't even waste the time
Warranty ran out. Quit working!!!
All that I need.
Easy to install, fast roku firmware
adds to my TV enjoyment.
Will be returning
Just what we needed
Works great, easy plug in and play.
Big fan of Roku. Quick delivery!
Excellent product
Great job
Awesome product
Quality and inexpensive entertainment option
Bad Product.
Awesome refurbished Roku stick
Buy new?refurbished didn?t work
Great product, great price.
Great product
Absolutely awesome
Decent Product
Remote died two weeks after warranty ended
Drop cable.
Not as pictured
Five Stars
Easier than Firestick
Not what I expected.
good deal. works well
love the volume control
Three day lifetime!!!
Roku is great!
Great!
Great
Great for older TV?s
Works great!
Even my father in law got it
Keeps Freezing
Best streaming stick in market. Typing is really difficult and not supported in Roku app
Save me money monthly
roku stick
Working great
Good
Exactly what I expected
exactly as described
That it doesn?t get all local channels.
Great
Left out the Roku?!
Five Stars
Great t
arrived on time and in one peice.
Very pleased with Roku.
Cut the cables.
Great product
'smart' doesn't get easier,
Make sure to check if your purchasing a refurbished item
Worked great - no problems.
Great product with good price.
DO NOT BUY-CORRUPTED ROKU'S!!!!
The design is perfect
The stick is fine, however the power cable that came wtih it ...
Roku stick review
Good Deal. Good as new!
Five Stars
Just like brand new
I love Roku
Great Roku Deal
None
Lasted 3 months
You know something is really awful if you write a review
Great options!
Beware of Refurbished Junk
Xfinity Cable Box Replacement
Fire stick
Didn?t work.
Great item
Volume doesn?t work
Good
Bought a couple more
Great stuff
Wonderful!
Just makes to better!
Nice
Love it
Recommended for Cord Cutting
Roku is the best
this is a super deal
Just what I needed...
Obviously was not a tested reconditioned unit
Easy installation.
Excellent
Everything I loaded worked fine, but it kicked off all my other wireless ...
Stopped working
Awesome product
Great products
The other Roku I bought works great
Works great
Remote and user interface are excellent
Perfect
Love it
Works great
As advestised
3 stars
Buy It
Great Value
PERFECT!!!!!
Four Stars
Batteries exploded in remote and ruined it. - UPDATED
A way better streaming experience than Chromecast
I have a Roku already and offered a second one ...
Works great!
I like it
I like them
Awesome
Buy a new one
I love it!
Roku works great so far!  Quick shipping
Make your TV smart
One step closer to getting rid of cable
works great very satisfied
Arrived on time
Great pricing. And product/.
Refurbished and not fully functional
Five Stars
So user friendly
Five Stars
We have had Rokus for years. Our 3 died ...
works great
Didn't work
this is my 4th Roku device
Really easy device for streaming
Four Stars
Not.Good.
Works great
Five Stars
Four Stars
The remote control sucks
Good Price!
Save money over cable.
Great!
Stopped working after 3 months
That it works good
Dissapointing
Don?t waste your money!
Easy to use!
Roku doesn't work
Five Stars
Five Stars
Roku yay!
Excelente producto
Cheap and easy to install and watch tv.
Five Stars
Roku works well
great device
Ausome new remote functions
Awesome
Five Stars
Volume control is great!
New or used.
Five Stars
Works perfectly. I got two!
Five Stars
Love Roku stick
Works well
Not worth the risk.
Works fine, but...
Easy to use and cheap
Get a fired stick
It works great
Good quality
?Reconditioned? meant still not functioning. Way to double check!
Love the tv and volume buttons on the remote
Roku
Remote doesn?t work
Easiest Streamer
Remote is junk
Excellent
Definitely Not refurbished
The ad says 4K, this is not
remote didnt work!!!!!
Easy to install.
Works great!  Much easier to use than other similar products
Good product
Five Stars
Remote doesn?t pair
Roku brings tv watching to another level
Nice tv stick
No volume control.
Defective
Not for now
Great
Works great!!!
Works great purchased 3 of them great product
#ItWorks
Easy set up
More than expected.
Roku has the best interface and best support for the streaming services that ...
It?s great
Awesome stuff
The actual Streaming part works fine but the remote function is terrible
Garbage!
When it works, it?s good
The remote isn?t long lasting
Great product!
Refurbished stick wouldn?t power on
Remote
It is the amazing
Love it
It disconnects randomly
Roku remote
perfect
Easy to operate
Replaced a cable box
Do not buy b-stock
won't last more than a few months
Wonderful!
Easy to use
Cost effective
Good
The remote was dirty used amd scratch
Refurbished by who
Great product!
Two different units not functioning
May be a bad one.
Much easier to use than fire stick
Love new design
Perfect!
Great buy
We love it!
Doesn?t work
SCAM VENDOR
Very nice
Works as advertised
Save money on cable bill
Good product
Easy to install
Great Product
Easy Peasy
Five Stars
great device
Fast shipper
Five Stars
Good as new
Five Stars
Roku
Roku the best
Very nice
Good value
Great extra channels with some free views
Great
Works great.
Three Stars
Works Great If You Like The Bouncing ROKU Logo
Very good
Worth the money!!!!
i thought it was a good idea, i was wrong.
?
Great
Great product! Am going to buy another.
a good product and price
Defective
Best
Great alternative to cable or dish TV Hulu live
So So
Great
So far so good
Well it is refurbished. Wished I knew that.
That it is broken
Terrible, want replacement
Tv
good so far
Works great!
Did not say it was refurbished product.
One Star
Remote
Roku Stick
I love it!
Good value.
Perfect streamer
It works great
Not worth the money!
remote control did not work properly
and works great. Thanks
The picture is extremely clear and love the interface
Love it
Great product!
Five Stars
Super fast
nice
Love it!!!
Broke
Did not connect to Roku Channel Store--Don't Buy
Easy to use!
Connection
don't work
One Star
Blah.. refurbs
For DTV NOW
Roku Rocks!
Waste of money
Get what you paid for I guess
Works well
Buy New
Works and now I can watch spectrum on every tv
Cannot get replacement remote
Great for streaming also with tv control!
Great Remote
Causes when buying refurbished produucts
Roku rocks!
Far cheaper than buying a smart tv
A good buy
Broken USB
Five Stars
Five Stars
Did not work
Heats up fast
One Star
I love it
Fast shipping works great cost was cheap
Poor internet
Good alternative to cable
One Star
Great Product
Fake voice search button
Great price works great
Didn?t work
Great purchase!
Easy to set-up and use
Five Stars
Great ease of use
Roku stick
Great deal
Caution
I recommend this product
Remote wont pair
Works like a chard and the 5G is fast.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beware refurbished items
Roku Hates Lefties!
Does not work!!!!!
Don't bother...
Big Disappointment
Remote broke - download roku app as remote.
Do not buy this product. Within three months of ...
Bought 11-3 and quit on 12-21
Device has power issues
Great solution for ?smart? tv that constantly freezes
Does not work.
Not Consistent
TERRIBLE
Roku Ultra
Please don't bother with the Stick
It?s junk.
Cord sucks constantly saying lost connection
Why I can?t set it up cause it won?t update
Bad.
Really happy with this product
DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!
Works like new!
Great little streaming stick!
Daddy, what is cable TV?
Easy to use and set up
Very nice
Perfect.
Cut the cord
Easy Peezy.
Five Stars
Yes! Excellent.
GREAT
Great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great
?
Love it!
tv
My
Weird
Great product
Loved it!
very good with SIKAI remote case
No comment
Great Product!
Awesome
No problems what so ever.
Complete rubbish
Good
As described
Great device.  Remote failed after 6 months of use.
Finally Roku made a remote that work tv
DO NOT PURCHASE A REFURBISHED DEVICE!
Piece of crap refurbished ?- stopped working after a couple of months
life changing
Awesome
It is not working
Perfect
handy
Price and quality of
Thanks
Fine
Amazing Roku stick with advanced remote
awesome
Easy to set up
Remote won?t stay connected
Buyer beware.!!!
Stay away from the refurbished - buy new.
Ridiculous
Safety concern and hazard!!!
Amazon, you've done it again!
BUY THE NEW FIRESTICK
Good Product For People Who Don't Own a TV
Best thing I ever spent money on watch all my ...
this refurbished unit was not repaired properly for resale - it still does not function as described or intended - the time spent trying to reset and re-install is not worth the price - maybe I just got a bad unit - others may work fine - this one ...
DO NOT BUY REFURBISHED
The word AWESOME comes to mind!
THE FIRE STICK IS REALLY A MAGIC STICK !
Did not update at first.
Questioning the quality control testing of the refurb Fire Sticks.
Get new, refurb is filled with problems
Can't go wrong with amazon refurbished!
Game changer......
Fire TV stick works great and faster than old generation
No need for cable or Sat tv anymore
Color test pattern screen - would not start
JAILBREAK WORKS GREAT WITH KODI 17.3 APPLICATION
Warning Warning Waring amazon does not mind selling junk to their bill paying customers!!!
Easy to use & great way to extend cable to other rooms!
Works great but refurbs have had pairing problems
Worth it, if you have "Prime", No point otherwise.
Instead of fixing my problem they try to sell me a new remote
Fair exchange
It works great - when it works
Failure-prone
Make Sure Alexa Works Before You Install Your Apps
Love my stick
Terrible app, replacement remote too expensive
Remote didn't work
I received it last week but haven't got the time ...
Do not purchase refurbished!!
Great product...cost effective too
Go with CR & save $$$
Total garbage, you can't even broadcast (cast/stream) from a laptop device
Very pleased with this Firestick.
Normal price a coin flip. On sale a NO BRAINER!!
Just as described
Remote eats batteries
I despise that I have to give less than 5 star review
I?ll never pay for expensive cable again.
A Piece of Garbage!
I don't know how I got along without this.
Stopped working...
Fire stick failed, then recovered and is working today!
Poor port connection requires constant adjusting to view and hear shows watched consistently!
Always bag your sick
I love this Firestick.
Don't purchase refurbished; I'm not confident that these devices are repaired at all.
Great product, but dislike the power cord.
Beware if you have Spectrum TV Streaming
Working just fine so far and costs less.
Get the usb ethernet adapter, and it's awesome
Faulty product
refurbished and works like new!
I?ve had better refurbished products.
Home screen never works for me!!! Remote sucks
I no longer trust that refurbished means "works like new, " and I'm furious we wasted our ...
Absolute garbage
Great selection, clumsy search, battery eating monster
Don?t buy!!!
Good product, room for improvement.
Easy install reasonable programming
DO NOT BUY THE REFURBISHED ONE
No regrets, just smiles
Took our 2nd refurbished Fire TV Stick out of the box.......
Great buy!
sound and subtitles don't work, old model. Now dead.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS IT DOES NOT WORK
Convenient and adaptable, but buggy with clunky user interface
Very user-friendly, great streaming quality,  fool-proof navigation
Good replacement for a cable box in the bedroom
Works Great
Only Works Sometimes. Flaw or Because Refurbished.
Easy, fast, wonderful!
Like new...
The voice enabled/Alexa remote was worth the $30 alone
Consistenly ships defective units; support is the WORST!
Refurbished remotes wouldn?t sync...limits on new units.
Barely have any options for streaming options for other sites besides Hulu, Netflix and Prime.
Amazon gave a hard time in helping me to get a replacement
Highly recommended!
after 3 months using it!!!
Works as well as a chromecast but it is pricier
Buy a Roku
Affordable, portable and good value with Amazon Prime
Do not buy. Do not buy. Do not buy.
I bought this so my roommate and I couldwatch YouTube on our not-smart TV
Gry 5g for freezing problem
Bought this to use with DirecTV NOW-the interface for that sucks but I don't know if that is a DirecTV ...
REFERBISHED
awesome and easy to program and side load
Not worth the risk of ordering this over a new one... for the price difference
"Refurbised" ? ... Good as new as far as I'm concerned.
they've allways looked & worked like new. ive used roku
Like the Amazon Echo control and security camera video feed on your tv features!
To Refurb or Not Refurb?  Given Firestick quality and price-points, a Refurb is worth the risk!
Remote controller was not working
Remote stops working suddenly
Needs More Storage
Firestick replacement
Stay away from refurbished items to save alittle money !!
Item itself great no issues
Disappointment
Dont buy the refurbished because the "warranty" is not exactly what you think.
spend the extra 5 bucks on a brand new one
Really bad product. After received the product and follow the ...
Works perfectly
Problem solved :-)
Remote doesnt work
As good as brand new just a little cheaper, fast shipping
Easy to use
didnt work at all
Battery life already spent
EASY FUN , every day. New fire stick.
Pretty decent device
Beyond Disappointed
I Was Extremely Disappointed, I Tried Two Different Orders, But Both NEVER Worked!!
I now have two of these. So far my ...
1Certified Refurbished Fire TV Stick Worked fine since August 2018
Please do not buy.
No fun when you get a buggy stick
Refurb works as it should
After installing the device, I was unable to input ...
Fire TV Stick with Alexa works well with Net Gear Arlo
Definitely worth it
Real easy to hook up and use!
simple
Rainbow test screen is biggest issue
I'm almost ready to put a sledge-hammer to this pathetic Fire TV Stick
Unwilling to help
Go ahead and spend 5 dollars more for the new ...
Just buy new! Refurbished not worth it!
... forever to pair remote but other than that works like the one I bought
Dont buy firstick.
Great little device!
Update.. Amazon made good..
Was cheap and bought one. Thought it was my ...
Why won't it work :(
Customer service was great in resolving problem
Overheats
Great device!
Poorly made remote.
Cutting the cord? Start here!
REFURBISHED PPL.
seldom works
my son has a fire stick that I bought new and aside from it occasionally overheating it's worked pretty well. Then I bought this refurbished one for ...
Perfect all around streamer.  Faster than the last version.
Refurbished still has issued, new one works
Firestick brings great content to older TVs and the remote control goes through AAA batteries frequently without warning
Highly recommend
Refurbished is just as good brand new.
Works with restrictions
So far so good. I do put it to sleep when I'm ...
Eventually the remove stopped working all together and was useless. Returned the product and asked for a refund
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME
Works, but do not buy HBO Now gift card for it.
Awesome Amazon Firestick
It doesn't work
A whole new world
Don't Do Refurbished !
V2 is a great upgrade from V1
... got this on time but was messing up so bad and could not program the apps I needed call ...
EXCELLENT
Arrived Broken
Do Not Get a Fire Stick unless you like odd shaped paper weights
Good Price!
Remote was faulty
So far so good. Sometimes it freezes
Might be best to just purchase new
use the HDMI extension cable!
Lesson learned....
Not Enough Free/Prime Good Movies/Shows
Works great and saves some $
Had enough
Fast Shipping and Great package like new
Perfect product from amazon!
Brand new!
I need to return this item.
Perfect condition, saving us so much money!
I LOVE FIRE TV STICKS!!!
WORKING NOW
... this for one of my children she had a smart TV and didn't realize she had a smart TV ...
I am not satisfied. the wifi keeps dropping out
More channels than your basic cable bundle!!!!
Fast and responsive!
When it works it works great; however, when it is bad it is really bad.
Not bad
It's a Fire Stick... you know it's great.
remote didn?t last
It's "Okay"
This thing is JUNK.
Did not work
Firestick Stopped working
Refurbished is a Crap Shoot
Don't waste your money.
Refurbished fire stick didn't work.
TV, Movies and Music for free
Buffering
set it up worked great for 1 day
Five Big Thumbs Up!
don't buy refurbished
Test your Units!
Update the firestick. Use the extension cord they give you.
Works like new!
Most frustrating device of 2018
Just like new
I'll never forget buying this
Not for Directv Now!!!
Junk
Why are different streaming services? volume so different.
Came today!
Remote Freeze Up
Certified or not - doesn't work.
If they all work then I would live it I ...
Here We Go Again.
Who knew it was refurbished? It works like new..
Nice refurbished product!
Connection issues
No problems whatsoever with my refurbished product
Do not be afraid of ordering refurbed units.
Thought I was getting a good deal by getting certified refurbished
Love it
For the small amount of money you save you may as well go with a new item.  Save yourself the headache.
Froze
Get it
Good Deal
Refurbished Waste of Money and Time
Refurbished firestick
Still working great
Surprised that it is not working
great device. good price.
Works well and easy to use!
Very happy with my fire stick
Works!
Great, but.....
Super awesome, love the voice recognition.
Garbage
Did not work
Not worth the frustration
Nice unit, well built, streams well even with our older slower DSL connection.
Five Stars
Best thing since sliced bread!!!
artificial intelligence is not so smart
Do not buy. Didnt work right out of the box.
Amazing product, easy to use
Great product!!
It is what it is.
You cant absorb it all in one sitting but you will be pleased
A Must Buy!
Awesome device
I am sooooo happy with my firestick
No complaints; works well!
Buy New
It better than
Buy new if you can
now im happy. the package did come when it said it ...
Best Money I've Ever Spent
Buyer Beware
It has been a great addition to my entertainment center
Fun new toy for me!
worth the money by far.
Wish we bought this years ago!!
Super excited, just to be let down.
Fire stick Never worked!!
LOVE THIS ITEM.
Not as easy as it looks to use.?
No You Tube TV
Make your stupid TV SMART!!!!
You are treated like a criminal just for calling them and even then ...
No more cable bills
Awesome product!
Wasn?t worth the $5 savings.
Get rid of cable and get Fire Stick!
Highly recommended.
Great value!
I bought a refurbished stick and mine did not work ...
Not pleased
amazon stick tv
Works fine for me
Piece of junk. Dont waste your money
I completely love it. its perfect I can watch all of ...
Great!!!
I love it!!!
Bought for a friend & they love it!
Not worth saving $5
Great price for Fire TV Stick
Did not work
I love it. The streaming capabilities of the amazon firestick ...
I am really enjoying my Fire TV Stick and am ...
Just another type version of apple TV
ITS BACK TO ROKU FOR THIS CUSTOMER
Works good!
Great device!
Good as new!
Love this thing
works great and the packaging made me believe it was a ...
Great product to save a few dollars from the new firestick
The price.
Glad I bought these!
Refurbished means repaired to working order i thought?????
Great deal.
Tremendous choice for watching TV
Fast and Endless Entertainment
Buy new
but I actually like the Stick better
Unreliable, drops wifi every few days
Love the interface
Love my Fire Sticks!!!
No complaints
Remote works when it wants, Customer Service said they would send me another, lies!!!!
Amazon has the worst warranty in the business
Remote keeps disconnect or loosing connection forcing me to take ...
Love the fire sticks
Don't waste your time with this clean but untested product
Like new
No issues with the refurbished one. Gave it to ...
slow shipping = a week to be exact and i ...
**BUYER BEWARE!**
THUMBS UP
this thing works great right out of the box and the Alexa feature ...
out of box unit does not pair remote and fire ...
Interface confusing
Works like it should
Fire TV Stick works great
Basic buttons but does the job.
Not too happy about it
Shorts out or automatically shuts off
Worth it
hours I've been doing this crap & Nothing
Amazon products absolutely suck
Works well
Great job AMAZON!!!
Can't go wrong with the fire tv if u don't ...
Amazon Fire Sticks are the bomb I have one in ...
Remote issues
Five Stars
Purchased six mo. ago
Worked and looked new!
Works great and performs as advertised
sticks
Voice remote stopped working 2 weeks after we go it.
Five Stars
Great for discounted refurbished item.
Why is it always loading?
amazing product
Great after a small hiccup
Still Working!
It looks brand new never used
Refurbished  fire stick
ROKU has the app and works fine. So if you have Comcast/Xfinity and want to ...
Nice design, and the Alexa voice feature is a ...
Amazon batteries that come the remote are not reliable.
Great product and price
Great Device for our needs, Amazon Fire TV, Prime & Cable adds a TON of content.
Amazon sold me a still broken item
Defective item. Go Figure
works good
Do not buy refurbished
Best low cost option I have tried.
losing a main functionality i bought it for.
No Way It s Refurbished!
Product is better than described
The fire stick is so easy to use!
Stops working due to bad batteries.
Worth the money, just as good as a new one.
Crap Shoot
I love it
"That should take care of it"
Scam
works great. small hiccup starting out due to CBS All ...
DONT BUY THE REFURBISHED FIRE STICK--DOESN'T WORK
Crashes CONSTANTLY
The fire stick worked great when I first got it but now a few ...
Four Stars
One Star
We bought this in September and in January it stopped ...
Amazon fir stick is worth the money
this refurbished unit was not repaired properly for resale - it still does not function as described and will NEVER start.
Awesome item
Don't do it!
bought these to replace 1st gen firesticks, and WOW ...
You won't go wrong investing in this Amazon product.  Well thought out to meet your needs.
Great price and quality.
Refurbished Rules!
Refurbished fire stick
better than the smart tv app
stopped working, had to be reset
Refurbished as good as new.
look like brand new
Kid I and more fights paper view and more more
Love my Fire Stick
Certified Garbage
Best TV Solution for Flatscreen or Monitor!
Serves its purpose. My kids are able to watch ...
DESTINED TO FAIL
Exactly as described
Not Worth the Headache
Just wish these things lasted longer. Prior one was ...
The remote does not work at all. I have ...
Did not use
Couldn't search the remote
Dont buy
Better than SMART TV
Awesome Item
Very disappointed
Not really that good
Awesome!
is it only a one year item?
Very awesome product
Buyer beware
Watching a movie in our home is perfect!
WiFi adaptor is not strong enough for 25 feet from modem
Two Stars
The old ROKI BOX I HAVE IS SO OUTDATED
Not the same as ordered before
One Star
Junk
Great product, easy to use but remember to setup parental control over purchases.
I own 5 fire stick and have had minor problems ...
Gave to my Mom. By using Plex App, ...
Its hit and miss with refurb.
I love the fire stick I have a smart TV but ...
This is a very good product. Changing the way I watch TV
Works great.
Fire stick
... one is for rv hope it lasts have had good luck with refurbished so far more as time
Why pay for cable
Cut the cable cord with a Fire stick!
... could use it for IPTV services and it worked great! No issues that have come up that we ...
Works like new for a little less money
Much better than other platforms for ease of use
Two Stars
Cut the cable
Great add-on for your TV. Turns a dumb TV into a Smart TV.
The fire stick has not worked properly
Nicely done
Five Stars
Customer service will help you
Only works some of the time.
Disappointed
It Works Well After Receiving Replacement
Love it.
After an initial problem, it appears to work well.
Five Stars
I even like the fun little games you can download from amazon
I pretty much use this 95% of my T
Have the second stick in the guest room and works just fine.
Excellent if you arr in USA
Not compatible with YouTube TV.
Me encanta.
I'm so happy with this device that I have purchased 4 of ...
Great fire stick
Best purchase in months!
Love It
No more cable tv!
Defect
LOVE LOVE IT!!!
It works amazing. Integrates with my other Alexa enabled products seamlessly
Recommended
Amazon fire tv stick
Fire stick for movie lovers
Love it!
Just like new
I did not add any apps other then what came with it I would recommend purchasing a new
bought it because I needed the remote control
Wouldn't purchase refurbished fire stick
My fire stick 2nd gen keeps disconnecting from my wireless ...
Defective product
Refurbished Fire Stick
Wouldn?t connect to remote. Called customer service and was ...
Two Stars
These work well on my smart tv
wouldn't have known it was refurbished
Refurb Fire stick
Junk dont bother, 4 out of 4 bad, went to best buy and all work, cost more but they worked
Works, no problem.
Can't go wrong with this.
I put it on my grandsons T. V. ...
Refurbished didn't work out this time.  Broken after 11 months
It's a fire stick
Better than cable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wish I'd bought one sooner.
Love the voice remote!
Four Stars
Works great
the first didn?t work, second works great
Battery Eater
Worth it! Great item
Very happy
VERY EASY TO USE.
works great account on your internet speed
This was better than anticipated
Best investment I have made buying on Amazon so far
Five Stars
Love it
Already quit working
Great item to have
Five Stars
... I got it to pair to the original remote good buy!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great price, great product!
Great return policy so no harm
Just What I Wanted
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Don't wait... get the Firestick!
had to keep restarting stick so I sent it back ...
Great gadget. I use it in my RV
Fire Stick review by VinnDoggradio
Great buy
Questionable Bluetooth connection
Love it!
If it wouldn't shut off and be amazing but it's sometimes just off by itself what can I do to fix this
I found this too late
works great
AMAzing getting two more
Voice control one is better
I love my Fire TV Stick
Okay
I love that I have full control of what I watch
Great item for a great price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Do not buy unless you want to only use it for a couple months
I love it!
A great buy!
Remote stops working
Works great
Well worth it
Test them right away
Fire stick works fine with a TV with a cable box
Good deal
This device is marketed as an innovative, HD, ...
Easy to use.
Quality in purchase and fair pricing
Works Great
Extremely Glitchy
It did not work on any TV, did not ...
to save 3 dollars, i ordered a Refurbished Fire ...
Refurbished - Looks, Works Like New
Brand new
Great for cable cutters that still want to watch their favorite shows and movies!
Great device makes any tv smart
First time
This product is horrible and honestly the service I received was just as ...
Amazing as always
Excellent
Has most every app, and runs smoothly.
DOA
Five Stars
5 stars
Please refund.
Easy to set up!!
Good as new
Wouldn't sync up with the remote no matter what we ...
Didn?t work
It works like a new one
Easy breezy
how it works
Refurbished Fire Stick
Love my Firestick!!
Perfect
Time to cut the cable cord!
Four Stars
Good Buy!
Very happy
The best thank you all
Cutting The Cable Cord!!!!!
It doesnt work
Amazon
Fire stick
It would have been 5 stars because I really love it but my favorite app stopped working after a ...
Great for my non smart tv
FANTASTIC
Loads Pictures
Five Stars
One Star
Five star product.
Love this product..
Fire stick refurbished
Command sensitive
Don't be afraid to buy refurbished
I tried about 6 times to get it to pair ...
Good value
As good as new
J-U-N-K
One Star
Jumps back
Truet amazon
In love!
One Star
this refurbished item did not meet the test. I ...
Firestick
Good remote
Good as New!
Buy a new one, these aren't refurbished to a high standard
Five Stars
Refurbished fire stick
I also love that I was able to add news apps
Works great and lots of Appls
The remote stopped working after a week
It?s a must
Refurbished? Never know it.
Great shows
I love this! And it works perfectly
Works great love it
Never worked
Better to pay extra for brand new - Stay away from refurbished
Must buy
... the remote with the Alexa feature made it even better. I speak and it respond
Cheaper than new and just as good
Five Stars
the price was right was easy to install but the description of unlimited movies games ...
Perfect!
Buy it while you can.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Had to call customer support to get the remote to ...
Just like brand new. No difference.
Five Stars
Great choice
Absolutely Great!
Interface, user friendly
awesome
Amazon replaced and second works fine.
It will give you trouble the first time you connect it.
Just like new
Absolutely fantastic
Excellent product, quick delivery! A+
Great value
It's fire
Decent: ) only writing this because Amazon won't make ...
Five Stars
Works as advertised
Refurbished fire tv stick
muddled
Great bargain and works really well
Defective
Better to use this than the tv?s internet
Horrible
Works great
great item
Fast and Easy
Amazing.
Blah!!
One Star
Five Stars
Perfect!!!
When it works it?s great
Voice control is the future
WE LOVE THEM
Fabulous!
Would buy again
Works perfect.
Very short life span.
love it!
Just like the new one
Excellent Product With No Issues.
Refurbished 5 stars...
Good  buy
Product works great. I forgot to change my tv setting to HDMI. once i did everything from there was simple.
better than 1st generation even if you are not using ...
Remote won't pair!
Great for someone who doesn't have cable
Dont buy refurbished it wont work, its such a ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
TRASH!!!!!!!
Works as expected
No issues
it works great
awesome product
Huge waste of time just spend the extra 5 dollars for ...
Refurbished fire stick
Great product!
I know it?s refurbished, but the first initial setup ...
Doesn't last long before it breaks but it works i guess..
Not up to date
The device has scratches and looks like a used product
Trash
Needs a homing beacon
Works Great!
works great
unit works great, Thanks
Won't Connect
Like it.
Five Stars
It's ok.
Dont recommend
I?m Very upset that after I purchased this the same ...
Perfect
... to register but now it seems to be working fine.
No cable bill!
Pretty cool stuff.
Five Stars
Perfect!!
Three Stars
This is a great product.
Referb Fire Stick (gen 2)
WORTH THE PRICE
buy band new, it is the best for the price
great addition.
Great stuff
3 apps and the stick is full
Super excited when I got them
Better the cable
It works just as fine as the non re-burb in the Family Room
Works great!
Five Stars
Best Thing I Ever Bought
no issues
Like new
Very good
Can?t go wrong for the price.
Where's my Fire TV?
Can't see to get it to work. It keeps ...
STOPPED WORKING AFTER 4 AND 1/2 MONTHS
Five Stars
Glitchy - might return it
I love these 2 items and I have the WiFi wall ...
Worst amazon experience ever!
do not but stop workiing
... the 4 stars but other than that it's as good as new and works as expected
I am very pleased with the Fire Stick
Works like new
Looks like new
EXCELLENT
Satisfied!
Five Stars
Love having a smart TV
Great Deal
Great  Value
Can't live without it!
Great product t.
Great for travel
Works well
I works great and for a wonderful price
Same as new
Extremely Slow
Got great customer service despite not being able to return it ...
Major Pervasive Issue!
good product
Perfect!
Didn't even know it was refurbished
Perfect
Thumbs up
love this thing
Almost perfect
Good fun.
Five Stars
Cable
No more cable
Keeps shutting off
Best price
It's a Firestick
Great buy
Better than described!
Excellent
works just like the new one I have in another room
Awesome!!!
Do NOT buy
Love it!!!
Love it!
Outstanding!!! Threw away DIRECTV $193 monthly bill!!!
Three Stars
?
Great
That this device works perfectly on a 10 year old TV.
You can save money by not buy a smart tv. It works great
It?s refurbished
Had to return item
Love the fire stick
The only thing I don't like is I have to unplug the power every day and plug back in to get the sound thru my Yamaha AV receiver
Just like new
Great
Fire stick
Certified Refurbished Fire TV
Buy!!
Works great
Good quality unit
Love it.
Five Stars
Great product..
Two Stars
Five Stars
Awful.
It's great
It works.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy Happy Happy
Great
Works well. I have several.
Hey Alexa find my movie
mark
No issues
Good price.
works good
No problem with a refurbished product
Great product will order again !!
Fire stick works great to stream videos and movies over Amazon Prime, Sling TV, etc.
2 thumbs up!
The Stick is the Trick!
Good
Get what you pay for
Must Have!
Would buy again
Works Great
Easy and affordable
Five Stars
Very satisfied
great
Received a dud!
EVERYONE NEEDS ONE OF THESE!
Perfect Brand new!
Great product own two of them
highly recommend!
As good as new
Warning: This will replace all smart tv devices in your home!
Love this thing!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Delivers much more bang for the buck
Five Stars
Works great!
Just as good as new.
I would like to know if I can get this fix or a replacement. Thank you!
Four Stars
Not Netflix friendly!
Works fine. Battery cover on the remote has just a ...
I love this so much
Initially had a problem getting the remote to connect. ...
... have a fire stick on every TV it works awesome.
Good
Fire Indeed
Great product. No issues to hook up or use
Faulty device twice.
great price
Five Stars
I don't know  what went wrong  with mine. It doesn't work
Great product
Love these
works fine
Love it. Please be aware that the remote won't ...
Remote on the refurbished model did not work. Decided ...
Five Stars
Bought as Gift
Gift
Alexa technology for streaming TV/Video
Five Stars
Winner!!
Works great
Works as expected
Five Stars
Awesome!
Broken to begin with
TV
Great
Makes browsing so much easier
Five Stars
Good well priced product
Much better than Chrome though - especially with a remote
looks and works like new
Five Stars
did not work
Okay
Excelente producto
Just love it
Dont work
Good price but at a risk
Easy to set up and use.
Five Stars
Its wonderful
Great deal
Good seller
Love the Alexa feature
Five Stars
great. like the updated version
Don?t work right
Five Stars
Two Stars
A+
Five Stars
Five Stars
T.V
not as useful as anticipated
Five Stars
Perfect!
Amazon does it again!
Its not working and I called fire stick support and ...
Good Product
One Star
It keeps getting disconnected and unable to use
Highly recommend.
Excellent product
Best bang for your buck. Roku can't touch this
Spend the extra couple bucks and get a new one.
Five Stars
... though is refurbish a looks brand new and works perfect
Fast shipping!
Didn't work
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
??
good product
The best!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Cut the cord
Dont like to connect to the remote
Did not work
Amazon Prime has all and does it ALL! The ...
Five Stars
Bueno
Five Stars
Great price
Good
It looks nice and sturdy but I really don't like the menus ...
Easy to use
Fire Stick
Flck away
Perfect, just what I
Would pass for new
Perfect
Excellent
Doesn't work outside the US, ie., Philippines, Thailand
Great
Easy setup, works great
Five Stars
Thanks
Worth every cents!
... in almost every room of the house and we love
... we purchased was not refurbished and the remote went bad. We ordered a refurbished fire stick
One Star
Works great
I just received it and it is working fine. I can now get a lot of extra ...
Need a good WiFi signal.
Nice!!
Watch it almost daily
Very Happy
does the job
Just like new
Five Stars
Never worked
Saved 5 bucks over new and it came broken and ...
PERFECT
Works great
Great
so far it's been great for movies and series
Why did i wait so long?
Greatest thing ever
Buy New!!!
Do not buy refurbished.
Five Stars
Works Well! Perfect
Perfect
Five Stars
Funciona Perfecto
Great value!
Three Stars
Batteries that came with item- Did not work.
Great entertainment
Fire stick
Happy with it.
works great
Good product
good buy
Fire stick
works perfect
Four Stars
Refurbished Fire Stick could not keep internet connection / poor experience
Unable to get through set up/registration
Savings!!
Works as expected
Five Stars
Excellent
Item must work!
It serves its purpose
Does exactly what it says
Works fine. The remote when spoken to doesn't connect with ...
These product is great. It works with your internet
Just the same as new. We love our fire sticks
Must have!
Absolutely love my fire stick !!!!!
Four Stars
cheap way to make smart tv
EXCELLENT
For the price difference I'll buy a new one. ...
got what i wanted
Five Stars
Must have.
Five Stars
Ease of use, diverse/so many different things that can be accessed.
Solid streaming
Best Value
Great product!
works very well
So upsey
Easy to use
Best thing to happen to tv
I like it
Extra fire stick
Five Stars
seems perfect to me
One Star
Dont buy amazon products
I love the firestick works great!
Five Stars
facil de usar
Five Stars
Works great
Save d $ and happy happy
Five Stars
Love my Fire Stick
You can't tell it's refurbished!
Good product
This sucked
Keeps restarting itself. It won't even stay on long ...
Two Stars
... it yet but Im sure I will not be disappointed.
Only know the basic's.
Five Stars
Dont buy refurbished!!!!
Save some money and buy this instead of the new one!
Worked great except the voice remote..defective?
Handy item.
Refurbished the way to go.
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
didn't work
they work fine. DO NOT TRUST THIS REFURBISHED ITEM
I love my Fire TV Stick
Happy with firestik no so much with networks
Good.
As expected
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED
Functional
Five Stars
Love it
Buy this thing already.
Dont buy refurbished
Muy practico!
Stick with new
Fire TV
Perfect
Remote doesn?t work well
They work
Works great
Dont buy trash
Take a chance on a refurbished firestick.
My second.
Five Stars
Fire stick
Great
Three Stars
LOVE IT!
Speak to TV
It just stopped working!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very nice product
50/50 desirable product
Do not fear
Came with everything you need to hook up
Ty
Five Stars
Firestick
Good
This thing is cool.
Five Stars
Works great!
?????
Fire firestick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works as intended, but didn't receive the power adapter
Five Stars
Nothing special
One of the best things I ever bought
Buy it!
Living my firestick
Great quality. Great price, just buy it!
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love it!!!!!!
Love it!
Excelente
device would not connect
Very satisfied
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love this firetv stick
as advertised at a good price.
Four Stars
Bought it for the bedroom and very happy with the
Good product
As good as a new one
Fire stick is the bomb.
DO NOT PURCHASE
easy setup.
Waste of money
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bad quality does not work
Love it!
To much work to watch tv
Came very early.
Works perfect!
Awesome
I bought this refurbished and have had no problems! ...
Great product!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Recommend
Good deal
Skip these sticks
Five Stars
TV Fire Stick
Just use it for good and enjoy it
Five Stars
good items
Television fun
Great
Five Stars
Regular tv to smart tv
Love it
Five Stars
Keeps freezing
Promising
Works just as great as a new one.
flawless!!
Works good as a regular fire stick but twice the price
Save your money
A great addition to our home!
Units perform well
Five Stars
bought it for my dad because I had one he ...
Five Stars
Love it
The interface could be a little bit more user friendly but still a good product.
perfect
Great Value
Give refurbished items a Try!
And you know it works just fine
Couldnt tell it was refurbished
Great unit
Horrible
Great
A must-have for cord cutters.
Five Stars
One Star
No matter how many times i reset it. it ...
Great buy.. Great price..
Five Stars
Used youtube and learned about other "capabilities" of the Fire TV stick and I absolutely Love it. Just wish the voice command could be ...
Five Stars
do not bu
Nice!!!
... contact amazon support to reset but after that works wonderful
Nice gadget
Big Let Down!!!--
I have everything to watch very happt!
Good
Five Stars
Broken, returned and bought new
You should get this lil stick
Thumbs up
I haven?t been able to get my referbished firestick to ...
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great
Five Stars
Great choice
It's ok except for remote problem
Very satisfied.
Love it.
Pretty much brand new
Doesn?t work.
Great
Looks and works like new!
Great.
purchase 3 refurbished Fire TV Stick with Alexa, only ...
Ok
Five Stars
Great Purchase
Stopped working suddenly.
One Star
Five Stars
THIS FIRESTICK IF NOT AS GOOD AS MY FIRST ONE
Five Stars
As described
Good buy
Five Stars
Amazing deal
Five Stars
Batteries went low less then two months
Does not work 80% of the time. Alexa does ...
Refurbished and didn't work ever.
Five Stars
Not good
Five Stars
One Star
Reliable as always
I dig it!
Fire stick
Five Stars
So far so good.
Good Deal
Good buy
Love it!
Five Stars
Highly recommended.
Buy the new one, not this refurbished one. Its cheaper for a reason
Two Stars
I may have to return this. It took me ...
Three Stars
Good and fast
Works beautifully, we love that it syncs with Alexa so ...
Love it!
More like brand new!!
BEWHERE of refurbished items!
Love it
Not working
Excellent Device
Five Stars
Five Stars
eh, so so
Feel ripped off!!
nice fire stick no diffrent from the new ones
I love it
One Star
Good
Ok for wifi
Broke to easily.
love it
My Amazon fire stick came on time but the remote ...
Five Stars
Follow the instructions by the letter or get someone to show you how to use it.
easy to set up in conjunction with a Prime account
Five Stars
Finding more things to watch every time I turn the ...
Five Stars
Paid too much.$69.00 with bad remote.
Fire Stick review
Five Stars
Refurbished
Great Buy
Alexa is weak
Three Stars
Five Stars
Good for wifi TV apps
Five Stars
Five Stars
Defected Remote
Don't buy refurbished electronics
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love
Five Stars
Like new
Awesome
Five Stars
Four Stars
Spend the extra $$ buy a new one
Just like new
Refurbished firestick
Waste of money
Better than cable or dish
Five Stars
Would like to replace with a new one
Remote didn?t work
Five Stars
and so many applications like spotify and firefox won?t download
Five Stars
A great puchase.
Dont regret this purchase!
Best thing I've ever bought on-line
Need to have a Prime Password :)
They are Nice to have endless Movies and Television Shows !!
I like
Awesome
Five Stars
Fire stick
Happy with
Affordable entertainment without cable!!
Just like new. No problems.
Perfect. Great buy
.
Five Stars
Dead batteries?
Love Amazon Fire Stick
Streaming units for our TVs
Kids love it
One Star
Like new
Decent purchase
Five Stars
it was easy to set up
Refurb works like new.
Thank you
Five Stars
Five Stars
So glad I purchased it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awsome product
Five Stars
Works just like brand new
Operates perfectly
Five Stars
Five Stars
1 faulty stick did not power on.
Just like new.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love this device so much I now have three
Love it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works like a charm
Five Stars
Love it!
Know what you want
Bummed to say the least
Five Stars
Thanks
Five Stars
Recommend people to buy it
Five Stars
prices and sellers
Did not work at all. I tried switching batteries ...
Love!
Five Stars
Fast and easy
Five Stars
Great product
Firestick, Great value
Excelente
Functions well but difficult for me to pin point movies ...
Five Stars
Great value
Comes WITH batteries!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great
Love it
Wonderful
Great
Do not but anything refurbish
Not happy
Five Stars
great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great media player
It didn't even power on!!!
great product!
One Star
Refurb? It is just as good!!
Five Stars
Exactly as described
One Star
Super fast service
Simple.
Five Stars
Worth buying refurbished to save a few extra dollars, looks and works like its new
Five Stars
Great Seller
Love it
Five Stars
Money Saver
Disappointed
Easy to hookup & use
Four Stars
I can't even tell it's not brand new!
Doesn?t work!!
Works flawlessly
Easy to use with voice search
The Firestick is affordable to buy
Five Stars
try one
Can i use this on a roku tv?
Didn't work for me, but I was told it was my tv and not the device.
Works great!
One Star
One Star
very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works well
Just buy it new..
Great Product!
Nice
Junk
Love this
... very slow and starts giving errors to play apps like Netflix or Hulu then requires a restart
Great product easy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Remote non opperable
cannot get it to work.
Got it cuz I love the first one I have been using for 3 ...
Five Stars
works great!
Keeps buffering
Better than chromecast, I love this!
Four Stars
Five Stars
works
Five Stars
Exactly as promised.
Great firestick
Great experience as always
Remote didn't function. Replacement as well.
Excellent
home screen will not come up
Good for the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy set up and works amazingly well!
No more high cable bills
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stick with the new Fire TV or Stick, Refurbished means someone already broke it.
No comment
Weak instructions
Remotes don't last.
I love my fire stick it's easy to use and I ...
Still a little buggy
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Dongle works, Remote does not.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Ive only bought the refurbished fire tv stick and kee ...
Know how to work it before you buy
Dont buy it
Just like new!!!
Refurbished fire stick
Five Stars
I ordered two of them they work great remember to hold remote control very close to to ...
Five Stars
Works great
Satisfied
Five Stars
Nice
Firestick
Can not stay connected to WIFI
Wife is happy
Love it
love this product
Cut the cable with this
Could never get sound to work unless it was from ...
Fire Stick
I love it.
Four Stars
For all I know it?s brand  new
Five Stars
Don't buy!
Love Your Business & Products exceed my expectations
Works Great
Works like new
Five Stars
Great
Good buy
One Star
Perfect
Total cost
Five Stars
Good
Four Stars
Works great! 5 stars
Greatness
One Star
excellent
Trash.... Does not work
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Product
Great product
Turn whole house off and on from My Pillow
Five Stars
Great product, a lil slow
First attempt at a refurbished device ends in failure.
cheap alternative
Five Stars
Like new
Didn?t work
Do not buy it?s trash
Five Stars
Great
Works like a charm!
Love it a lot
The fire-stick is a great product.
Four Stars
Works great
Bummed
Five Stars
Five Stars
EXCELLENT!
Easy to use. But you need a cell phone or computer to activate certain apps
Exactly what was stated
Five Stars
Refurbished WHERE??
Remote stopped working after 3 days, I got an ...
Excellent. I can do so many things with this ...
Frustrating.
Works well
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great after 3 weeks
Works great
Great addition to TV options
Please don?t buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
This product worked perfect. I am always sceptical to buy something that ...
Look carefully at what you want vs what it can do
Works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Gift
Buy the new one
It works perfectly
Great buy
Five Stars
Didn't work old and out dated
Five Stars
Love it
Product just as advertised.  Prompt shipping.  My Thanks!!
Great I love it seem to be new
Love it !
Five Stars
Piece of junk that stops working in 4 months
Four Stars
Refurbished is fine! I love the firestick!
Good as
dont get refurbished stix
Five Stars
I want to talk to someone!
Five Stars
Cant screen cast from IOS
Niiiice, give it a moment, Niiiice.
don't buy refurbished!
Works marvelously!
Just spend the extra $5.
Sucks
Five Stars
Easy setup
No complaints
Two Stars
Price
Good as new
Cant handle high loads. Hulu is to much for this stick.
Five Stars
Works great
Better explanation of the cost to subscribe should be done
Keeps on Rebooting
Great for Streaming and Home entertainment
Great Daeal,and excellent product hands down!
Five Stars
Item should have been recieved
Five Stars
I received my product and it couldn't connect with the ...
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
kodi install Fast Delivery good
Five Stars
Very Satisfied
tuercas
Great but
eh
Not sure about refurbished product
One Star
ordered it
Five Stars
I love the fire stick
freezes constantly operates slow and crashes
Perfecto
Fully satisfied with product functionality
Five Stars
Buy items that are not refurbished
Easy to work
I couldn't use my fire stick for about a month ...
Perfect
its a great technology to buy and used.
Refurbished is great from Amazon
Firestick review
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to install
Five Stars
... mine as if new with zero flaws and works perfect. I love it
Defective
Get it
Makes it easy to watch streaming apps!
Junk
Fire TV Stick
Trying to save a few bucks on elecronics was just not worth the agravation............
Five Stars
The service was great until it stopped working
Five Stars
Love it!
Amazon World is a great place to live!
Love this
A must have for any home!
Remote sucks
One Star
Remote won't move right to apps
Five Stars
Better than Cable TV.
Best in the market in my opinion
Can use Alexa with it
Good
I'm very happy with it
Five Stars
One Star
Yes love it and able to do all that I believe ...
price
Five Stars
lasted for 1 year only
I wasn't told it was refurbished
Remote doesn't work
Works great
malo
Five Stars
One Star
this product is deffectived and no good as refurbished
Five Stars
So I have to keep a fan behind my TV to keep it cool.
Will NOT Recognize the remote! Replaced batteries with new ...
User friendly
Does not work!!
works as good as new one.
Works perfectly
Arrived on time and as described
Five Stars
Does everything I need
Doesn?t work
Very annoying! Movies also freeze up constantly
Works great
Works great
Very Happy with purchase
worked great right out of the box
Amazing streaming stick
Five Stars
Works perfectly
Great
Product quality issues
Five Stars
Five Stars
Function
Five Stars
Piece of crap.
Five Stars
Exactly as advertised
Five Stars
Must have cable not just WiFi
Five Stars
Four Stars
Don't waste your time.
Too slow
Four Stars
Amazon's delivery service SUCKS!!!
Works great!
Do not buy refurbished! Your remote will not pair ...
Loving fire stick!!
Good quality for the price.
Poor product
in great condition - basically brand new
Great product
Quality
Five Stars
Doesnt work
Five Stars
Five Stars
It don't work
Up and running
Easy to install and use
No good
Five Stars
I am very disappointed that the remote is not working
Just like new
Easy to hook up out of the box
Great
Five Stars
Ordedr sent Incomplete
Works good, some times its takes long to connect to ...
Avoid - and get the upgraded version
Not worth it
... AND I WANA SAY THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST STREAMING DEVICES AMAZON HAS CAME OUT WITH
Five Stars
AMAZING
It works
Works well
Five Stars
Don't waste your money
Five Stars
The ability to talk to Alexa and have a do all the work
So far so good
CUMPLIMIENTO Y BUENA CALIDAD
Five Stars
Pos!
Fast shipping As described when purchased
Ditch your chrome cast!
Good as new
The remote doesn't work
Otherwise it?s a great device.
Works great!! Simple to install
Poor design
That you need wifi for the stick to work.
User friendly, easy to install
Just like new
Good stuff you guys rock
What I like the least is sometime it want work for me ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Old version
Fire stick is FIRE!
Five Stars
5 star
One Star
great
Is good. like it
Five Stars
REFURBISHED UNRELIABLE !!!
remotes wont sync
This was the second one I purchased in two days ...
One Star
Five Stars
Refurbished or New? Can't tell the difference
Five Stars
bummer
Helps save money
Five Stars
One Star
Fire stick is hot!
Great
Somebody didn?t check if everything worked before it shipped
Great fire stick
Excelente
Problem
Complete Garbadge
Super super happy
Great product
Works great, plan for extension cords for wall-mounted televisions
great
Works great
Nice
Remote faulty
Works great
Works perfect.
Had to factory reset it multiple times and still haven't had very good luck with this one
Five Stars
Thanks
Buyer beware on refurbished items
One Star
don't buy refurbished
Works great if it would stay connected to the WIFI
Great product
One Star
works perfectly.  appearance and packaging was just as good as new
Says what it does....does what it says!
Five Stars
wasted hours with support and finally a refund
Use to this one.
Do not buy refurbished items from this company/
Fire stick is the bomb.
Buy this
Five Stars
No complaints
One Star
bad remote
Came with a broken remote. Don't buy refurbished unless ...
The remote does not work
Get It Now
Fire stick works fine
Four Stars
I haven?t called or asked for replacement but just a little disappointed.
Working Like New
Five Stars
works fine. I bought this for the kids and my ...
Works great
Another great deal on Amazon
Great device
Ease of connection of braided connector.
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's pretty good
Good for now
Good as new
Five Stars
Works like new
Mom loves it
One Star
I want my money back !
I would not recommend buying this product at all I got ripped
Never Again
Good way to upgrade an older "smart" flat panel
Best item I?ve ever purchased
Four Stars
Must have if you have a tv that?s apps are not updating anymore.
Good
Five Stars
Great
Good product
Four Stars
Love this!
Don?t buy....keeps tuning off.
Certified Refurbished Amazon Fire TV
One Star
Perfect
Two Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Worth the money
Amazeballs
Five Stars
If it?s refurbished, why didn?t the remote work?
Doesent work properly!
Refurbished works well
Very easy to install
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fully satisfied
Five Stars
Like new
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unfortunately, had to return...
Cancun bound on my savings!!!!
Five Stars
One Star
Purchase July. November-NO working with ANY batteries AAA
So far it's not what I expected. My sister ...
Greatttttt
Like new
Love refurbished
One Star
One Star
Fire Stick a winner
One Star
Real flickery.. keeps sending me back..
Ease of set up.
Not always stable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great! Except for remote issues
Refurbished Pros&Cons
Fire stick fine but remote doesn't work at all
Works great!
Shame
Five Stars
Didn't work after one month
GREAT... ENJOY WATCHING NETFLIX
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Broken out of box
Worked  great as expected
Exelent product and is very reasonable
the stick
Stopped working
Great product
So Easy... Amazing!
Would never know it's reconditioned
Works well.
Cable What?
Works Like a Charm
My control come with defect
Great buy, pergect condition.
A+
Great value for your money!
Works just like the new one we also have
One Star
Dead
Junk
Five Stars
No youtube support by the end of the year.
Five Stars
Easy to use
doen't work need info how to send it back
Must have WiFi
this item does not work
Great, best thing I ever bought like that
Awesome product
U can manually put kodi on thre which is great
Mediocre
Great
Great deal.
Better than roku, IMO
Awesome! Works like brand new
Easy to set up
Good
A must have
Had to reset 2x but then worked fine
The refurbished fire TV sticks half the time do not ...
Very easy set up & works like new to be a refurbished product
Doesnt let me do anything
Garrett Riggio approves!
Functionality
Refurbished WHAT?????
One Star
buen servicio
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worked as expected
Ok
Not good
Works great
Love the Fire Stick
Five Stars
Great!
Five Stars
that wasn't side loaded just basic was and is absolute garbage.
Good product, the online problem is sometimes the off ...
I could?ve spent the extra $10 for a new one
It works great
Three Stars
Five Stars
Awesome
Five Stars
My fire stick doesn't work it keeps on freezing
Don't be scared of refurbished items
Access to all your favorite apps
still deciding
Arrived in new condition. Works as discribed.. ...
Three Stars
I tried
Not for technically challenged
Perfecto
Awesome
Perfect item
Very disappointing
Five Stars
shipping & quality
It is a fire stick.
Worth every penny
No directions!
Love it.
Alexa Firestick!
Waste
I wonder if it was even fixed in the first place.
this would be great..
It worked great until the return window closed and then it stopped ...
Nope
Worth it
Ok
Five Stars
... the first one didn't work but this one works like new I do recommend this
Easy Setup!
new to amazon but so far probably the best decision I ever made
Five Stars
Sucks
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
I can't even turn the remote controller on. I ...
Four Stars
Fire stick works fine, but remote control stall after a while
Works great#!!!!
Great deal
Fire TV Stick
Easy to set up and easy to use with voice ...
Five Stars
easy to assemble
Refurbished Buy!
Works perfect.
Five Stars
Buy a newer one or different brand
Love it
Great
Firestick review
Four Stars
Refurbished firestick
Five Stars
Works like brand new !
Four Stars
Five Stars
Did not work
Five Stars
Don't buy it.
Excellent Purchase
Works
As good as new!
Five Stars
Wouldn?t waste your money spend the extra$15-$20 for the 2nd gen
Return label
Good
Five Stars
Works great.. just like new but at a
Refurbished is as good as new
Poor product
Works
Works great! I bought the protection plan just in case ...
Fire stick
Five Stars
And i like it the kids will like it.
Five Stars
Great buy easy to connect,easy to use ,loads of movies,shows,it's best buy
Perfect
Great
Five Stars
Never worked
Read all reviews before buying refurbished.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy customer!
Just like new ?? Great value
Just like new
Five Stars
Perfect, easy set up and great value!
Great refurbished
Five Stars
And  easy
need to keep the price better than the
Works great!
My son loved it for Christmas now I have to give my ...
Five Stars
Did not work
Get this if you are using an old version
Great product
As good as new.
Worth every dollar
Cheap but not worth it
Refurb perfect!
Need a replacement on my remote
As good as new !
The only way to watch TV; Your in control
Five Stars
Best to watching set up if u want to ditch cable bills!!
Love these!
Stopped working after 1.5 years
DO NOT BUY DOES NOT WORK
trash
Don?t buy!
You are not watching as much as you think
It?s sometimy
You get what you pay for
Five Stars
My fire stick
WORKS GREAT FOR ME!!!
Worked like a new one.
Five Stars
Could not pair with the fire stick
This thing has never worked correctly. Will not connect ...
It was to be new not used I paid 70 ...
first time i ever use a device like this, i loved that it was so easy ...
Help so I can give them 5 stars
Works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy New
Black Screens on Mine
Don't waste you're time you'll just end up returning it
Four Stars
Five Stars
Product don't work with remote
The Best thing to happen to T.V. since the D.V.R.  Awesome!!!
Don't waste your money on a refurbished fire stick
Five Stars
Like how easy to use
Works great
Me gusta
One Star
Five Stars
mad
Five Stars
Good entertainment piece
One Star
the remote control didnt work use one from another room
Up and running it seconds
Like brand new!
Had problems with it from the Star could not get ...
Two Stars
Easy to use
Three Stars
Four Stars
Extremely easy set up instructions
Dud"s
As advertised.
worked as it should
One Star
Great gift
One Star
Just buy new
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great item and fast shipping!!!
I?m hardly ever home and Alexa isn?t all that great
Don't buy refurbished.
So happy
0 stars if possible
Didn?t work
... get the remote to connect but it works perfectly fine
Remote bad
the remote control doesnt work
Very Pleased
Five Stars
Works great!
you need to get one
Love my Apple firestick!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Do not buy
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Just as described
Just like new.
didn't work
Refurbished fire stick
Top notch
Works fast
Dislike
... and buy new - had to return - would like link he could not pair remote
... a huge movie and tv show selection that parts awesome, but it lags very badly
Operation a but tedious but worth it.
Great TV
It works well.
ease of use
Piece of garbage.
Stream
works great i dont know why you'd buy it new?
Nowhere near the worth the price!
Didn't work on my other TV's only the one I ...
Five Stars
Amazon fire stick
Five Stars
As described
Works Good
Great
Works Perfectly
Five Stars
Four Stars
Like new
Great produce!
Just like new!
Refurbished Fire Stick
controller does not work
it worked great.
works great
Great for Prime Video
WONDERFUL
Five Stars
AWESOME
Couldn?t use
Great product
Five Stars
Unable to connect to the remove.
Fast shipping
Love this product for streaming all types of things
Five Stars
If you have a problem just contact Amazon and they will help YOU
Besides that the thing is awesome.
Device doesn't work
Perfect
... have received only one so far and I would like to understand why and why I have not been ...
Five Stars
Great Item
A dollar saved is better than no money saved at all. Go refurbed!!!
I like it
Five Stars
umm love amazon but very disappointed of this
Five Stars
It's saving me money
Fire Stick works fine
Poor Product ,it doesnt work
Wonderful!
Sucks
Five Stars
Thanks for the low price firesticks
Pleasant experience
Do not recommend recertified.
One Star
Four Stars
Stick works well. Remote is hard to read because ...
Works like new
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good price and of course it's Amazon.
Not to happy.
Like New
Love the Fire TV stick
Make sure everything works before sending to customers
Kodi
Five Stars
Did not work
It stopped working in less than 10 minutes
Three Stars
Don't buy refurbished
Great product
has what you are looking for and what is advertised ...
Five Stars
not built to last....
Great
Vendor: could you please contact me?
This was the second one I bought and the first one worked fine
Quick transaction!
Refurbished firestick is as good as new!
A sbnap  to set up.
Five Stars
Remote
Good product
Horrible batteries
Brand New
Five Stars
product doesnt work
Five Stars
Fire stick
One Star
Five Stars
Came as described
One Star
Three Stars
Have a amazon Account  to Access prime privileges.
Great purchase
Five Stars
My remote work 4 a lil while then stop so ...
Works great
A great price. My grandchildren especially likes it
I now use it all the time and love
Got this one thinking it would work better than the way old one I have but nope
Three Stars
Five Stars
Does not work
Compre 4 y este no funciono
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works like new.
Five Stars
Customer satisfaction with 2 refurbished Fire TV devices.
This is my second fire stick and it's even better than the first
Five Stars
Quality of product, speedy delivery
Fried my big screen screen.
Came broken
One Star
Five Stars
Wonderful!
THIS THING RIGHT HERE!!!?!?
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gets stuck in loop.
The remote did not work
The stick itself was good but the remote didnt work correctly
Thanks
Awful and buggy.
Perfect
It?s stuck at one spot in the screen
Great product
Just AS good AS a BRAND new FIRESTICK
Item did not work..
Good purchase
It keeps freezing
Nice
Five Stars
Fire Tv Stick
Works great!
Firestick
Fire stick not working
Good deal
Five Stars
Great product
Works as claimed
Enjoy it
Totally awesome
Great reception.
One Star
works great!
It worked
Is something wrong with stick tv
Love
Great buy
bought refurbished
Love them
Their was no problem with the fire stick
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It doesn?t work!
Five Stars
Five Stars
good
Four Stars
Five Stars
no supprt
Five Stars
Not good
Lovin it
Don?t believe the hype.....go Roku!!!!
Five Stars
Like new
Couldnt tell it was referb
Amazon Firestick
Great Product for the price!
Five Stars
Fire Stick!
Five Stars
Tv
Five Stars
Hola
Poor quality control.
The tech dept was great in getting it going
I ordered two one works fine the other don't work at all how do i ...
Not working
Love the fire stick!
Two Stars
Does not work
Two Stars
Not worth it
very poor product. locks up all the time I ordered ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Does not work should have followed reviews
Stick
Like brand new
Great
Five Stars
Never works
It takes 5 to 10 minutes to come on and ...
Good
Satisfied
Just like new!
Five Stars
Don't hide info
Five Stars
Does not work
Love it
Awesome!
One Star
Bad refurbishment
Performs perfectly as if new.
Can't get the remote to work it will not sync ...
Horrible start to a large-scale test. I need 50 devices. Don't order the refurb.
Just like new!!!
Refurbished where?
Great item
works perfectly at the right price
Good
Glad i purchased the
Five Stars
Good product
Good value
DO NOT BUY CERTIFIED REFURBISHED FIRE STICK
Just buy a new one save yourself the hassle of ...
Five Stars
GREAT PRODUCT
This product works great!
Five Stars
Unico
That I love Buying Stuff from Amazon Company.
Wouldn?t do this again
Five Stars
Good
That it works
Great refurbished product
On fire STICK
Firestick is wonderful
Impressed
Five Stars
TV
Glitchy and no longer works for alexia
... item was exactly what I payed for and works wonderfully. Plan on buying 3more
Refurbished firestick good choice!
Works great
Ok
Housekeeping
Lots of access to a wide range of apps
Great
Great buy
Four Stars
Firestick YES!
Fire stick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic
Cut Cable cost
Five Stars
I can access Amazon, Netflix, Hulu and other apps easily.
must have internet
You will need to plug firestick into power of you do not have enough provided by hdmi port. And make sure wifi signal is decent
Jdbrown13
Five Stars
Remote doesn't work
Two Stars
Recommend this product
Five Stars
Worth the price
works great
Did not last 1 year
Bought refurbished
I LOVE IT!
It's ok
Like brand new
Perfect
Just like new
My fire stick stopped working a month after I received ...
Would recommend
Broken upon opening
Disappointed
Love it
Works great
Works like new
Great way to save.
Doesn?t work
Works good thanks ?
Easy to use
When I purchased this it did not say that they ...
Rushed Product
Best value and amazing product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Just like new
Four Stars
Movies freeze but the soundtrack is fine as it continues on
One Star
Just wasted $35. Last time I buy Amazon Refurbished
Love it
Fire TV stick
make sure all devices work before selling them
I am not happy with it
You gotta see for your self
Five Stars
DO NOT BUY REFURBISHED A.F. FROM AMAZON
very good quality product
One Star
Nice
Works great!
Easy to use and great movies
Love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keep going
Five Stars
Works just like a brand new one
... bought the refurbished version and it looks and works like a brand new one
50/50
Won?t buy reburished again
Grear works great to get away from direct tv
Love the fire tv stick
Five Stars
Amazing video quality
Amazing
Five Stars
One Star
Greatest investment
Firestick works good
nice
Doesnt work
nice packaging
Damaged Product
Love the fast shipping
Five Stars
Faulty FireStick . Not pleased
Three Stars
Three Stars
Got incredibly hot
Didn?t work
Five Stars
does not work, period, won't ever buy a refurbished item again, very unhappy.
Great
Five Stars
I need another remote.
Save your money
Greatest purchase ever
Works like brand new
FireStick
Have 3. Love them.
Five Stars
Three Stars
FireTv buena inversi?n
So far so good
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Great product
As good as new
Nothing like the old fire sticks not very happy with the ...
Faulty
Three Stars
Didn?t even work! Remote would not connect regardless of how many tries!
not dependable
Awesome
Good stuff...
Everything
Secure the power supply prior for installation
Good as New
Amazon always delivers
Five Stars
Runs like a champ!
This refurbished product works just as good as a new product.
One Star
I just love new toys...
Five Stars
Keeps loosing internet signal
Get Kodi. You will love it.
Got rid of cable
Five Stars
Must buy
Five Stars
Couldn?t configure. Had to return.
One Star
Remote for fire stick
10 stars!
Five Stars
GreAt price
Pic fuzzy
Works like a charm
Five Stars
Remote Did Not Work Out of Box Rendering Device Useless
Love my fire TV stick
Five Stars
product would not work
One Star
Awesome streaming for cheap!
Five Stars
No youtube as of 1/1/18
Awesome buy!!
good
great product firesticks
Installing
Very satisfied
Didn't expect for it to be coming today.
WATCHING MOVIES
One Star
Easy set up
great
product should work
You don?t have to pay for cable anymore!!!!
Works great !
Very good.
Five Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
Great for movies
It's been scanning for at least 3 hours now and ...
Working as expected
Just plug & go
Sweet!!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
firestick
Five Stars
Works great!
My Firestick is awesome. It met all of my needs
Works great
Wonderful product
It?s super easy to install
Crappy
So easy to use and install. Works perfectly.
Does not work
Yay
One Star
Awesome
Great price
Good deal
Not good
Don?t buy .. get new 1!!
Just like new
Fire
One Star
Love it
Worked just as well as a new one
Great
Fire
Kodi + Fire Stick = Heaven
Not satisfied at all
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Didn't work
Love my refurbished fire stick!
super sale
Buying amazon refurbished stuff.
Definitely recommend
Reburbished fire stick
Keep Up The Excellent Product
A must buy!
Five Stars
Easy to use
exchange in the mail- it better work!
Three Stars
easy too use cut the cable just have to get ...
Five Stars
Satisfied Customer
Five Stars
Nothing to dislike works perfectly fine
Five Stars
It?s awesome
Producto Excelente
awesome
Perfecto
I can look at move in one place
Five Stars
Five Stars
... will work but to my expectation its really a good one
Easy to install.
Five Stars
Can't beat the price
Very simple to use
MUST HAVE GOOD INTERNET
I love my fire stick
Would Recommend.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Its a good purchase
Excellent
Home entertainment
Great
great
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Great buy!!!
Looked brand new
Quality
That I got it when expected. And it's awesome
I would like a new one please
For a refurbished product, I can find no faults in it.
Just like new
Five Stars
One Star
Refurbishef
Great product
Love it
One Star
Great item
a little hard to get used too
Works fine
Like new
Certified Refurbished Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote
Toss the cable box
Excelent
Perfect!
Great Products From Amazon fire TV ,Firestick , and the Fire Tablet
Five Stars
Very happy
Two Stars
I ordered and received it as promised
Product didn't last
Works great!
One Star
Awesome
Very important
Worked for less than six months.
You need this
Used it to turn my old regular TV to a smart TV
Looks like new
Easy
... remote dont respond to the firestick all the time like it freeze
Four Stars
good
Five Stars
N/A
Five Stars
One Star
More movies
Disappointed
PERFECT
Four Stars
Five Stars
Easy to operate
Not good
Fire stick
Satisfied
Five Stars
T.v. for my guest bedrooms entertainment
Extremely easy setup! Was watching TV in 5
Refurbished
Very Happy
Like it's brand new!
It doesn't download some futures
Needs volume control.
Fire stick
100% ok
Works great easy to set up
Fire stick
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
It doesn?t work
Five Stars
Remote consumes batteries
Amazon is great
It works
Five Stars
Five Stars
It?s excellent!!!
Don?t works
Five Stars
Will buy from them again
Love it
Refurbished by Amazon is brand new to me
Great
Five Stars
Great product!
Good buy
Five Stars
Good
Can?t tell it?s refurbished
It works
Five Stars
????????
Product Perfect
Five Stars
Exactly what it said great price
Failure
Amazon fire stick
Not good
Very good product very satisfied.
It?s reliable
No local channels
No more cable
Great purchase
Worth the money
Works Perfect
best buy
Perfect
Great
PROBLEMS WITH THE PAIRING REMOTE CONTROL!!!! NOT CERTIFIED REFURBISHED!
Great deals for the money better than cable
Worked ok
Don?t buy
One Star
Five Stars
Good product
FU Amazon!
Five Stars
good purchase
One Star
Five Stars
Just like new!!!
Won?t order again
Fire stick
Satisfied
This is the worst Amazon product I ever bought
Know how to correctly use the device
Fire
A+
Can't make it work
Not what I expected. Large black box keeps appearing ...
Five Stars
A+
Very pleased, thinking of adding another to my entertainment system
Great product
Como funciona
Great experience
I want a new firestick that has never been used
Four Stars
It?s great
Two Stars
Brilliant!
Na
Defective product
that it works properly
Five Stars
Amazon is the first place to buy.
Refurb - crashes consistently.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Don?t buy
works great easy to load Kodi and other APK
Still getting used to the product
Five Stars
play swith it and find out all it can do for your streaming
One Star
Definitely buy again
This is great
Five Stars
Ease of set up. And what it offers video ...
Five Stars
Very good buy.
The remote doesn?t pair
Five Stars
how 2 set up
Excellent
Did not work
It works
Five Stars
Fire stick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Like new
Shipping a good product
Just as good as a brand new one.
Excellent
Works great.
One Star
Five Stars
So glad we bought this no more cable TV just need internet!
Three Stars
Doesnt work
It worked
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great an awesome buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
First one was broken the replacement was top notch!
It's not working properly
Great! Looks Brand New!
Five Stars
It works!
One Star
Five Stars
Everything was great
Best buy
Five Stars
Junk
Streaming is apparently a work in progress and is not too reliable at this time. This is the reason I gave it such a low rating.
Quick easy delivery
Came fast
Five Stars
Did not work
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Great
Firestick
No remote
Fire stick
Dirty and wrong delivery address.
Very pleased.
Four Stars
Sucked... Product didn't work
Didn?t work
Certified Refurbished Fire TV Stick with Alexa...
Much better then the cable
Savings
Great choice
This sh!t sucked
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
No worries!
One Star
It didnt work at all.
Awesome
Four Stars
Failure
The fire stick wants to charge me for everything
That I can get in touch with someone or technican when things go wrong
Excellent
remote doesn?t work
One Star
Awesome
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good
Five Stars
Two Stars
Works same as new
Two Stars
!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The delivery..? Brilliant..
SO FAR, I LIKE IT
Works great
One Star
No
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Watch what you want
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
now it?s useless
Two Stars
Very satisfied.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Make sure your internet is fast.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent buy!
Five Stars
Works sometimes
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works really well
Great products at a a great price
One Star
Entertaining
Five Stars
I need contracts with sellers.
Great product
Cheap Goods
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Three Stars
We love it
It works pretty good for me
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
Great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Do not recommend. Unit did not function
Five Stars
One Star
Works good
Five Stars
Everything about it. Ty
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Wasted 30 bucks
Cool
Its easy to hook up and easy to use
Works
Five Stars
Thanks
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Easy and accessible to all apps and programs!
Great buy better price
Like new!
One Star
Better than the Roku Stick
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
It did. It work and trying to return it!
Don't restore factory settings
One Star
It?s great
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Don?t buy refurbished
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Amazing
I love it!
Service
Works great
You won't be disappointed
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Great
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Didn?t work
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Did not work
Four Stars
Five Stars
Niceeeee
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love that i can watch all my shows
Five Stars
Great product
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Yes it did.. Thank you very much.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best fire stick ever
Remote won't pair on 2 devices.
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Remote
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Like new, believe it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
Dont work
Five Stars
One Star
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Much better then roku
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
love the fire stick love to contribute for animals
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Know it won't work
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great quality
Three Stars
Need 2 return one firestick stop working
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Perfect
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
That most of them needs Bluetooth keyboard just for firestick
Remote issues
Five Stars
... I wish were available on Firestick but overall a good
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
the control does not work I would like my
Five Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Wtf
Great price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
I like Alexa
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Its a waste of money. They make you pay for every thing  may as well just gey hulu
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
No problems here, simple plug and play!
Fast shipping
Great
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
money in the bank,savings from cable TV providers
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Satisfied
Five Stars
Two refurbished devices don't work - opt for a NEW Fire TV Stick or an alternative streaming device
Five Stars
Four Stars
Video
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Everything works great, perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Yes
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Why did I wait so long?
Five Stars
Short and sweet
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
... ago and recently open it the other 8/20/17Firestick is like Redbox at home only thing you don't have to ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great little stick
Do not work at arrival
Five Stars
I do not recommend this item at all
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
nothing special at all!
I wish someone told me more basic instructions such as ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Doesn't work... Don't buy a refurb unit
Stick is great and works well when internet modem is adequate
Did not deliver as advertised
I can't recommend the Fire TV Stick
... usability of the Fire TV stick to be much better than current Roku's
... remote has such a long delay it's not even funny I reset my fire stick and I couldn't even ...
1 Star Penalty due to Installation Glitch
Missing Remote....Pissed I missed the VMA's
Disappointing product
Great purchase, however
1) Amazon is making it difficult to use youtube if at all 2) Amazon changes the user interface to run commercials I would recommend on buying the Roku instead
Bought mine New
2 out of 3 IS bad!
Did not work
New cheaper experience
Get yourself one
I hate that it doesn't have a volume button or can ...
It sucks
Might be worth the $5 savings over new, but not completely trouble-free.
Huge Disappointment
Terrarium tv
SLOOOOWWW
Not worth the $70 I spent and want a refund!
Ok streamer, too much focus on Amazon's service.
Disappointed at first
love it!
one of my best purchases
Four Stars
This works great and remember you can connect a bluetooth speaker to ...
Disappointed in this product
Completely disappointed
I approve
There is a lot of buffering and tile like
Fire Stick is a great addition to any home
Bargain efficiency
Kept Disconnecting from internet! ...It was my router's fault. Cheap Spectrum Wireless Router was the problem.
gifts
At least there?s a good return policy
Remote fixed
Good quality!
remote did not sync
It was important to know that if I start it over on my apps that my fire stick but stop working that is what happened so my fire
Compact & easy!
Power supply not strong enough
... i paid for the last one i order works great i hope thope this next one works as good ...
Works perfectly
LOVE IT!!
Five Stars
One Star
A Good Deal;
Four Stars
Four Stars
Thousands of movies and tv channels.
Not worth it
Five Stars
Great product. Great price!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Great device
Five Stars
One Star
Crap
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Meh
Five Stars
Five Stars
Drop your cable pick up a fire stick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stay away
Easy to set up
Three Stars
Five Stars
Get it!
Five Stars
Works wonderfully! You'd never know it was refurbished
Better than a Wii
Four Stars
Five Stars
PERFECT
I better think long And har? about that
Dworks like a charm
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product and works as described
Returns: No problem
One Star
Five Stars
Better off spending an extra 5 bucks to get new ...
Junk
The Amazon software on my smart TV is better
... stick for my husband as a gift but I love it so much we fight over it lol so ...
love it. the last one i sent back because ...
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
That I got everything in a timely matter.
Five Stars
Don't buy
Returned two of these products - big waste of time
i love the amazon fire stick and amaon prime they always ...
Four Stars
One Star
Pablo reyes.
Two Stars
Wasted Money!
What is the reason to have the fire stick? ...
One Star
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Fire Stick at Best
I think I can get life tv With this fire ...
Five Stars
wouldn't recommend
One Star
Three Stars
One Star
Probably would love it if it actually worked.
for the inconvenience" I got pretty mad about it
That was pretty sad because it was for his birthday
DO NOT BUY THIS, ITS GARBAGE.
Kodi to hard
One Star
Didn't work at all
One Star
One Star
Who Needs a Smart TV?
Piece of crap technology.  Two non signal stick in less the 2 years usage.
Love the Fire stick TV you will too
Terribly slow. Terrible wifi connections
Garbage
Certified? REFURBISHED!
... crucial moment of a sporting event/documentary/series this is the perfect device for you
Very very disappointed with adults not being able to be adults and ...
Fire TV stick boot loop!
its exactly how the picture looks like and just because its lower priced doesn't mean its ...
Both the original and replacement froze and can't be unfrozen ...
Complete junk! New or used they end up freezing ...
No Cable Bill
Works as expected
Will buy again
Ease 2 install
sorry Amazon you are my favorite store but this unit is a piece trash
Don't bother with these refurbs
Whoever refurbished these did a good job.
Don't buy refurbished
I highly recommend this product
Five Stars
Nice
One Star
Twin XL Bunk Bed
Fire stick!
just plug in and away you go
Purchased a Roku and love it.
This product was not what I expected to get. ...
Slow, laggy
Will not stay connected. I understood I was purchasing ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Didn?t work!!
The remotes have issues.
Five Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Three Stars
Easy
Three Stars
Waste of money
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
I didnt buy this.why you asking me?
One Star
Easy to use
Five Stars
Your buying used crap why do you expect cheap
Research Your Internet Capabilities Before Ordering
Can't go wrong for streaming video to tv
I can watch just about anything
Way to go for ditching cable
*Updated*  Received defective product
Best deal out there for steaming
Awesome
Necessary for Cord Cutting
Like it alot
Buyer beware
Great device
Refurb is working for me...
Why did it take me so long to get one of these?!
I love this! It makes our tv so much funner
Great product. I returned this one because I found ...
Great
Firestick
Awesome
Works great
Firestick.
Works well, but we did have to buy a ...
Minor remote issues
Didn't come with batteries like it should have.
Use it daily! No problems at all, had it for months now.
Easy to set up !
Amazon fire stick
For newbies: skip roku, go straight to a fire stick
Works quick.
Love Amazon
works great!
Finally it listens!!!
It's Great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great buy
Works great no problems.
Five Stars
Good product and nice service
Best buy ever
Easy set up
Five Stars
Fire stick
Five Stars
Prefect... excellent buy...you won't be disappointed
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great buy
works like brand new
Gift
Great
Good price
This Fire stick work like new!
Excellent
Love it!!!
Five Stars
Great Buy
did not work at all had to return them to ...
Good and practical
Perfext
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thanks
works very well. i prefer this item over the ...
Blessings  come in special ways.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
I love it
?
Works
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best option for all entertainment
Very pleased
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
not good
Five Stars
?
love it. Works great
Life changing experience
Awesome Support Staff
works great
?
?
Great Product, Great Price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
works like new
Bringing Netflix and Amazon and YouTube to my TV
Refurbished product that was >/=  a brand new model.
Five Stars
Thank you!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Gift
Five Stars
THANKS
fast shipping
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
you will like it
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really wanted it to work, but I can't get it stop loading
Fire Stick
Four Stars
Five Stars
Spend the extra couple bucks and buy new
Get it
Five Stars
I love the new refurbished fire tv stick with Alexa
Very pleased
Great product!
One Star
No more cable!!!
Firestick 2nd gen
Great
Very good
Five Stars
Works as expected
Buying refurbished was the best idea! I saved some $$$ and got a ...
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Amazing
Just like new
Same quality as the one it replaced
Refurbished where ?
Five Stars
I love it and it?s supwr easy to use and setup
Great Item
Great Deal with a fast Delivery.
Fitestick
I love my refurbished Fire rv stick!
Great Buy
One Star
How can you go wrong with Alexa!
Great
Great to have
Wonderful gift
Very easy setup!
Five Stars
Fast service
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thanks
Five Stars
Great price
Must have
Amazing :)
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just like new
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy a new one
Be ready to watch ads unless you pay them another 15.00 bucks. Not worth your time. Just download an app to do the same.
You know the drill..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Does Great, works just fine
Five Stars
Product
Product Sample Quality and Marketing company.
What's the point
I have a youtube/Instagram account and i would like to lromote your product and possibly do a giveaway ...
Five Stars
Highly recommend.
Five Stars
?
Love fire stick...
Need 2nd plug adapter...need 2amp
No Issues
You gotta get this!
None of them work
Certified !!! works and its new
Great value
Cutting off
Great
Not what I thought!
Stick freezing and or not booting correctly
Loving It
As expected
Wow
This Fire Stick Rocks.
Great buy!
It's just like new
Certified Refurbished Fire TV Stick
No fue entregado
Terrible product
Came on time
Works Great!!!!
Picking the right team so that you don't have to return it
DON?T PURCHASE
Im happy with it
Junk
Sync w echo will drive you insane
it serves the purpose
Good
A must have when cutting the cable
Im not getting cable ever again!
Refurb is just as good as new
Update firmware immediately
Great product
Such a deal I bought two! Got here really fast
Best streaming device
Great deal
Had to return
Like new
Worked for just a little while.
Product doesn?t last long.
Firestick
Great product.  Perfect
Now I can actually see the TV
Good product we just got a bad remote.
Very disappointed
Refurbished is the way to go
Good product
Meh
Do not buy refurbished
As good as new
I call my I.T. for eveything yet I set this up myself in 5minutes!
Defective remote
Didn?t work
Works good
Quit working
As expected
Make sure you have good wifi!
I hate this i should have bought a brand new one ...
Works great
Spend the extra $5 on a NEW one!! Don't waste your time on the refurbished.
Works
Fire TV Stick 4K is an improvement in every way. Upgrade!
Fascist app environment, but useful otherwise
Doesn't work with DirecTV Now
How well it works compared to others
Few limitations but excellent value for money
Finally, the one ring to rule them all!
Constantly reboots  only shows the fire tv logo.  Replacement does the same.
Fast, the on/off to control TV, sound, and mute
Netflix is not completely functional on this device
Great Device
Very disappointed
The device is awesome
Fire TV Stick 4 K Review
Must BUY
A 4k FireStick that doesn't work with a Samsung 4k TV
Another Amazon streamer that misses the mark
Comparing to Roku Ultra
This product not for everybody, may not work with your smart TV
Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos..!  (Atmos on only one show)
Works great! except for the extender
An upgrade of previous version... but with a few different features so not the same
All shows available are not free!
Goodbye slow Roku TV..Hello Fast Fire TV Stick (and sleep timer does work for me)
Constantly reboots.
Fire Stick for Hallmark Channel & Hallmark Now
Product issues AV sync problem Updated 20181123
Fantastic upgrade.
Fire TV Stick 4K
Wifi problem
Great for under fifty dollars... If you don't really care about 4k HDR and Atmos content.
Big disappointment
It's OK, pairing with the dot only has limited functionality
Do not purchase until problems are fixed
Recast does not work on the go!
Does not work.
Washed Out Colors FIXED!
You should get this if you like the stick.
Do real research into what risks you take...
Very good product.
Keeps Rebooting with Amazon Logo
It is always there and ready.  Quick locating with voice recognition,  and costs only $49.95 once.
Won?t connect to Amazon services.
LG OLED screen TV works poorly.
don't get this for your kids
Good luck returning these Fire TV devices.
Excellent upgrade for the new Fire Stick.
No cast/mirror option
Does NOT Pair with Alexa Echo!
OMG I can't believe my disappointment
This is for streamig
4k streaming
I love it BUT...
Buy it when is on sale or get screwed!
4K Disabled/Blocked 3rd party app downloads!!
Updated: VERY UNRELIABLE.  Old review: Had it 6 days now, and here are my issues...
Best Streaming Device!!
not happy
Much Much Faster with Significant Reduction in Buffering over old Fire Stick.
Major Improvement Over My Old Fire TV
The best Fire TV devise so far
WHOA! This thing is FAST!
Still Worthless!
Understanding the Install is key
I am upgrading my overall rating after some adjustments and trail & error.
Who "Owns" the Sound Issue?
DON'T PURCHASE!!!
Still no real support for ultraviolet/vudu libraries
Best streaming device
no more screen mirroring :-(
First day jittering
Major Audio Issues on 2nd stick too
Best Fire TV Stick
faster and smoother than previous versions
DOES NOT WORK WITH YAMAHA RX-V681BL A/V RECEIVER AND EPSON 6040 PROJECTOR
***NOT*** compatible with SONY BRAVIA Television
Fast shipping!!!!
You need to use the TV remote, not your provider remote
A lot of bang for the buck with one major fault
Can?t get apps on it but I can get them on regular Firestick
this is the one to get
Great improvement
Not much new, for me
Great upgrade Amazon
Dim Dim Dim
I have both the previous generation Fire Stick and this Fire Stick 4K
Nice 4K device but with some issues
Not happy
That you all are liars just so somebody can buy something
El producto necesita un upgrade
Eh... it's so-so
Not what they say it is
Amazing picture quality on a old tv
Does Not Support Sling TV APP
No Mirroring?!?!?!?!
Streaming is the way to go!
Very disappointed with this but see EDIT below
The best Fire TV streaming product yet
Amazon messed up on this one!
Finally has enough power for smooth navigation and switching apps
Don't Bundle this product
Very Annoying problems
With a Fire Stick this good, my Roku is headed for the dumpster!
HTPC Killer
Lots of great apps except it does NOT have the YouTubeTV app and that's the main reason I bought it!
Need fire stick for prime
I love this little 4K stick.
Amazon did not stipulate that certain TV brands were NOT Fire Stick compatible!!
It is a great device
Returning due to one of the important for me feature missing
A huge Disappointment....
Exceptional Quality Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos for a Steal
Horrible Customer Service
No Miracast (No screen casting)
The best and the most powerful streaming device in the market..
Already in Love
Great little device with a few issues that need to be ironed out
Great Remote, App support not so good
Combined with echo dot
The remote controls your TV on this one.
Tv remote control?.......what?!!
Software in this device is buggy
Firesick 4K
Excellent 4K tV streaming movie source
set-up issue and even worse phone customer service
More pleased than I can say!  Cut that cord!!
Subtitles not working.. (EDIT - works great now)
Its okay, there are products with friendlier interfaces.
Better than my Apple TV for a fraction of the cost.
i have not recieved my refund
Get what you pay for
Ok, but not the best picture
So easy to set up.
Super Easy - News & Movies Better Than Cable!
Let Fire4
poor quality getting worse
Terrible on FIRST TIME USE and SETUP
Not as good as previous fire tv sticks.... seem to be many issues with this particular model.
Very, very disappointed
Very easy to install
Can only use with a TV, not a monitor due to a basic design flaw
Browsing is Totally Worthless
Easy to use for tech challenged senior with severe rheumatoid arthritis
Love it, but DON'T buy if you want to stream without buffering, stuttering, or frequent interruption
Excellent hardware for a good price
Can't access Amazon server
The remote works my Nvidia Shield!! But Fail for the device itself downgrade from the pendant
Perfect for my tv
A small improvement... but not enough to warrant another star.
User friendly. Very easy to set up.
The BEST video streaming device I own currently!
a lot of video power for the dollar - but has some ?'s
Improved Immensely
BEWARE: Strong EMF Even in Sleep Mode
Huge upgrade over my TV's smart apps
Very nice once Amazon got it to work One needs to contact there LAB not customer service
Not compatible with Amazon's own services
Minor Software Error
No Mirror?
Good product with irritating quirks
Customer service fail.
Works great with projector.
Fire box works better, mostly like... but wish Amazon would add spectrum app!
Needs instructions for remote, please!!!
Must Have Gizmo!
some improvements, but some minuses as well
If you have internet, you have TV
Starting to worry
No Screen Mirroring
Awesome streaming device
Big improvement
AWESOME device. Definitely get this for your house
Voice control and ethernet hook up.
Amazing.
Been using Roku for years.  That just changed.
Not for my main need but still worth keeping
from 5 star review to 3... to 2
Big upgrade!
Get back in the game Amazon!
Big Improvement over Second Generation Fire Stick
Best upgrade so far!
Buttery smooth, love it
**optional
Fire TV version 2.0
useless outside the us
I just cut cable and this think works with Direct TV now
Does Exactly What We Need
Lots of Annoyances, But It Functions Fine I Guess
Disappointed with it.
We LOVE it
OK I took the plunge and cut cable TV, this made it possible!
Shoddy Bluetooth Speaker Support (also affects bluetooth headphones)
Thank you for adding power and volume buttons.
Works, but ugh...
Upgrade to FireTV 4K
Great 4K picture and new remote is awesome. Works perfectly with Directv Now
LOVE it!!!!
Can't get the damn thing open!
This is a definite upgrade.
Can't easily see which movies are 'free' to watch prime vs. paid content
Who said it's the journey, not the destination...
Can?t play local 4K
Decent video quality & control options, some troublesome design flaws.
lags during movies, remote is maybe the best part of this
(Update) Terrible streamer:
Not perfect
No microSD limits its potential, otherwise it would be 4-5 stars easy
Video Freezes with certain DirecTV Now channels only on this device
So bad, where do I begin....
Meh... It sorta works...
Very good, but not great
Incompatible with LG?
Great voice control but needs more apps and better interface
Meh
Glaring Oversight If Used With Fire Tv Recast and/or 2nd Homes
It's a streaming device  . . . . , a good one
Don?t have a 4K tv? Still the better choice!
Audio problems prevent a a supportive review
Finally Amazon!  Much faster and better remote.
Great Device
We're an Amazon family, so take it as you will
Love The 4K Version
LOVE!
The best Fire TV Stick so far
2 defective fire sticks
2nd 4k stick purchased
Well, I'm an amazon shopper...
Very Fast but with alot of Issues, such as WIFI and Memory Issues
I'm really enjoying it
Do NOT purchase for Spectrum Cable viewing - app does NOT work
Weird issue with Netflix audio
Great media streamer at a great price, but app selection could improve.
I had trouble captions; but then I learned how to move them to the bottom of the screen.
Pretty Fast (when you set it up right), Reliable, Affordable!
Terrible to setup
Great for anyone who wants to stream - much more than a Roku
Cannot watch full screen
Great
Thank you Jeff Bezos!!!
WAS excited...still hopeful
Best Streaming Box on the market. Huge Leap from the 2nd Gen firestick
love. this. product.
Great, but one issue
Pound for pound one of the best streamers available
So convenient!!
No YouTube and audio delay.
Asphalt 8 ( highest video settings) runs so smooth!!!
Improved Fire TV stick, but hit or miss on Volume Control
4k firestick cable hates but I love you.
Great Addition to TV
Love Amazon Firestick
No 4k :-(
Still has problems with freezing
Good, but remote not perfect
Will not allow free prime content
A Truly Great Buy
Voice need work
Falls Short In Many Ways
amazon should stop selling all other firesticks NOW
Works Great.
Very dark picture ??
Finally a worthy successor to the Fire TV 2 box!
Amazing picture quality and great audio, with a small glitch.
I love the amazon fire stick
Idiot Engineers?
Goodbye Apple TV...
Bought a second one
Simple voice control for TV and super easy setup.
Best budget media player on the market? I think so.
Much better than I ever expected. Thoroughly satisfied.
Best Firestick Yet
I want to give it a 5 Star review, but cant.  here is why
Can't change source to use fios lineup
Faster Navigation compared to the HD Version
Remote is hard to open
Very high quality, very fast, and very capable!
I didn't think I needed these,  I was wrong
Updated: Firestick working now but Instructionsare still lacking.
Wish I hadn't wasted my money.  My 1st Gen Fire TV is much better.
Cut the cord! You'll be glad you did.
Both of them Constantly Drop Internet Signal.
CBS All Access Issue
Highly recommend! 10 stars **********
Fire Stick 4K Is A Must Own
Blew my expectations
You can is tall Apps from Android using the browser that are not in the Amazon store.
Thank you, Amazon
Semi universal remote
Good Streaming, Remote Build Quality Almost Unacceptable
a nice worthwhile upgrade from the previous firestick
Changed my life in five minutes
Unable To Use
BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT packaging is well- thought out-spot-on. Terrible, Terrible judgment on mirroring.
Amazing Streaming Service with Tons of Benefits
LOVING IT
Good luck on opening the remote for batteries!
Great for Hulu Live TV
Better Remote - No Screen Mirroring
Worth Upgrading
Audio Bluetooth has 2 to 3 second lag, Pausing video for over an hour loses audio - requires reboot
Dobly Atmos is not working sound bar
NOT GOOD!!! USING REMOTE DARKENS MY TV...
Better viewing experience
Remote control is squirrely
Pretty much perfect
Bad way to treat a customer with a defective stick
Taking away the ability to cast to other tvs just seems strange...
Should have bought this first
voice command is very frustrating
I can't recomend Fire TV products to anyone
Not working well
Big improvement over all other Fire TV devices...
Junk junk and more junk I'm disgusted
Overall I am happy with the product, but not much luck with Alexa voice searches
Better than the 2nd gen
Not Happy
Very nice great 4k and HDR.
Buggy
Nope, won?t try a 3rd time.
Amazon 4k TV Stick keeps shutting down
I was able to get rid of expensive DirecTV
Useless for my system
Best Fire Tv Stick Ever
Very good for the price! Only 1 small con
Fast and Prime orientated.
Cost-effective purchase easy to install
Perfect Fast Browsing Streaming Stick
AAAA+++  Reccomendation! This thing rocks!!!
Fun to ask it things to find on TV
Contant commercials every 5 minutes. Save your money.
Works great but still needs some remote features and a little UIX fix.
Love it!
Great, if you love Amazon content
Almost perfect.
Last one died prematurely (1.1 yrs), this one replaced it
Better than Apple TV?
Amazing Device, you must have one.
Second one sent to me and has problems also
Love the convenience, don't love all the strings attached
The remote in itself is an improvement
GREAT UPGRADE!! VERY GLAD I MADE THIS PURCHASE!!!!!
Doesn?t support YouTube TV. Get a roku
Faster, more responsive system with more efficient buffering and faster load times
Wow!  This is an incredible entertainment experience.
You won?t be sorry!!
Turns my regular TV into a smart TV! Plugs into my projector, too. I love it!
At this price how can you not?
Exiting tool
Upgrade Your Fire Stick
Works well
DIDN'T WORK ON OUR 1 YEAR OLD 4K
fixed it. by settinga guest network. /works for half an episode?!?!?!?
Cannot open the dang remote but this firestick rockd
My fire tv is way better than fire stick 4k
Recommended
I am pleased as punch!
It. Is. Awesome.
Best budget streaming device out there!
Much better than older versions
Did not work on my 720P TV  -  Have to point directly at Firestick to get remote to work on one TV
Great alternative to stream music on all music apps
Worse than the original
HIGHLY INTERMTTANT RELIABILITY. DISAPPOINTED
Want to love it - just one annoying bug
TV Fire Stick Is Only Way To Go!
My third FireTV - this one came with a BIG bug
Works well for me with OPPO to projector
Highly recommended
Love it.  Now give me a FireTV box with the new remote hotness (and a 1G port)
Why did I wait so long?!
Best Fire TV Stick by far: Super smooth interface and awesome remote
Updated Review! Upgraded to 5 stars (from 1 star)
Works great... but only on older TV...
Works great, easy to set up
Love this
Alexa has taken over our house
The new 4k fire stick is awesome for upgrade
The upgrade is worth it .
Works great with Recast
Recent operating system update changes important feature!
Better than it's predecessor
I was skeptical.
Access
Love it!
Why can't I just log in with my tv provider once
Awesome Product!
No good
a small stick that is mighty
Does what it's supposed to
Amazon Has Finally Perfected Fire TV
This thing will change the way you watch TV
Easy to use!
Fire TV Stick for non-smart TV's
Okay Hardware, Poor Software
Great Product
Mixed results.
Unreliable /  New Update
Why did I wait so long to get this?
WiFi reception with this stick is simply awful.
As long as you have 4k capable TV/projector, this is for you!
Want to leave cable tv?  Here is how
Best thing since fried green tomatoes.
Easy to Set Up
Very nice product
App Activation Authorizatons Drop Incessantly & Remote Malfunctions
Does not include a Search option from the Home screen
3rd Generation 4K Firestick In A Winner
OMG nobody told me!
Works better than my smart TV!!
Love my new Firetv Stick 4K
Love Fire TV 4K  stick
Does not work with Firestick and Audio does not synch
This version works
Big improvement over the original fire stick!
It's fast and easy to install
the power supply does not have enough power to turn on the equipment
Excellent!
Couldn't be better!
Fast CPU + Volume, Power Buttons
Can't run maintenance apps ?
It's a Fire TV Stick, works awesome
This is Awesome
Cant get stick to pair with Samsung soundbar
Dolby Vision does not work
It's fast and beautiful, but too much to customize
Overrated
Unable to Stay Connected:
BUY IT NOW !!!
Better value than Apple TV
Store bought but and works great!
Not the best solution for cutting the cord with cable TV.
Great upgrade from the old stick!!
Incredible picture quality even on 1080p
Worst remote design ever - cannot open it to put in a battery.
Buy last year's model instead!
Simply Great
Fast, high quality picture and great new remote
Much snappier than last gen.
Alexa Voice Remote is Great!
Great adding features to your TV but Alexa can cause problems
Finally. DTS Passthrough with Kodi!
Impressive technology in such a small device
Fire 4k...best choice I ever made!!!
Poor quality from Amazon
Horrible quality control issues
The "Voice" part is dysfunctional, but the rest is ok
Works good, but wish some apps were easier to load...
Not Happy at all - Very dim picture
Certain stations pause
Fine if you want constant adverts in the interface.
Still needs work
3rd Fire Stick is the charm!
Firestick
No wide screen
Very Happy
Ehh
Great addition
It works!
Perfect
Frustrating! Fire Stick 4K dead on arrival.
Works great with DirecTV Now with a minor tweak
Love this amazing tool! 4K all the way!
It?s terrible. I miss my ROKU
Poorly developed
Does Not Work
Great Streaming
Does What It Says
Good picture and sound but....
Just...just wow
Great upgrade
Audio sync issues (lips don't match speech) and thinks I saw more episodes than I did.
BE AWARE--DOES NOT STREAM ALL CABLE COMPANIES
All Around Five Stars
Noticably faster than original Fire TV Stick
Instant Internet Streaming with a click of a button!!
It's OK
Great streaming device!
Much needed
Very Fast
It's Ok
Replaced once and sound still goes out!
Amazing device
Another awesome upgarde to the already great Fire TV Stick
Love it
Fire TV Stick is Awesome!
Stops working while watching TV several times a week
Great Product with many features
LOVE! Great quality and easy to use!
good but I had to figure out how to fix the audio video sync issue
This would get five stars if the remote were not so tiny
WORKS WITH DIRECT TV NOW
Please STOP pushing rentals and subscriptions!
Turns on my TV in the middle of the night
A little disappointed but keeping it for backup
Love it but
Wow this thing is SNAPPY. REMOTE IS HUGE UPGRADE
Works great on an older "non-smart" tv
Best fire stick yet,  could still use some improvements, but it?s getting better!
Exceeded expectations
Does what it is supposed to.
Much improved
Make sure you have enough inputs
Way better than I expected
Still Exploring
No more auto scrolling glitch (so far)!
Axing Cable???
Not what I wanted
Home screen featured content is often aggressive, has religious bias
Sin soporte prime video en Mexico
You better get you one or two! Upgrade from old!
Even better than before
Works well, but has set-up issues
Hoping for Better
OK product, mediocre Alexa integration,  *terrible* customer service experience
Arrived dead
Just an awesome device
It Works
Hopefully YOUR TV is compatible!!
Upgrade
Consistently buggy
Fire stick not compatible with my TV!?
Great device
YOUTUBE TV not supported
A big step up from my Roku
I cut cable!
Great for cable cutting!
Need another TV in your house without cable wires or another box?
Buy yourself the basic version and save yourself the trouble +10 dollars
First-Time Fire TV User Not Impressed
Faster and more features!!
No compatible game controller
Works well
STILL no volume control for Bluetooth...
Incredible value
Way Better
Much better connection but slight sound issue
Works fine; early issues with updates
Alexa find + More choices than Dish
New Fire Stick
All my shows plus Alexa? Do I even need a wife? Maybe.
Decent
Awesome product
Great Improvements
Two firesticks don?t work.
Wow what a difference!
Much faster than 1st generation firestick
Has some glitches.
Set - up & operation
Hulu app doesn?t work on this device l, so save your money if that?s what you?re getting it for!
Fire TV Stick 4K
the old gen fire stick works better than the 4K stick by FAR!
works well
By far best purchase in months - highly recommend!!
check your wifi chanel
Best product of its kind
Highly recommend
Like it
Sucks for watching TV shows if you don't want to watch commercials.
I love this thing despite some mild disappointment
Infinite startup Loop.
Impressed!
Great!
Works great with Kodi/Cinema, VPNs, and other APKs!
Not true 4k read below to understand
Easy setup, Great shows collections. Very Happy Subscriber
No longer works with the DVR
Highly recommend
Easy Setup - Good Performance and Video Quality
Better than I thought
Solves problems with sound and voice syncing using Amazon Prime on 4K TV
excellent device
GET OFF THE FENCE--GREAT PRODUCT
Just Okay
I Absolutely Love the Firestick!
Dolby Vision Does Not Work Correctly on 2016 LG OLED TVs B6, etc.
Everything awesome for watching tv!
What a difference!
Fire Stick Better Than Ever!
Requires one click purchase setting to download any free apps?  Not cool.
As sharp as a SMART TV
So Much Better than TV
EASY and terrific
Very intrusive.
Have to turn off & back on for sound to work
No YouTubeTV and audio not in sync on multiple streaming services
Fire Stick vs. Chromecast? Not even close - buy the Fire Stick!
Not impressed. Apps stop loading frequently.
Fire TV Stick 4K
Opens Up a Whole New Way to Watch Television
Great device!  Can't wait for future software upgrades!
Get rid of cable already
Poor technology
Works great as long as it doesn?t bootloop
Great first experience with streaming
Best Amazon device I ever bought
Best Fire Stick yet (A 1080p user)
Nice upgrade
Support for 5.1 Dolby digital for netflix, hulu ....
Works great, integrates well with TV and Soundbar
I like this much better than the 1080 firestick
Great Product
Truly plug and play
Awesome 4k picture
Get's hot easily and shrinks the display
Very cool little gadget!
Easy set up
Once it is installed it is GREAT
Only comes with 6gb and specifications state 8gb.
Dont like the design
Hard to use and install paid for programs and even free programs.
Pair this with a Seagate Personal Cloud, or any NAS and Plex
Love it so far
New Firestick with voice remote
It FINALLY has volume and power buttons!!
Audio skips randomly
Slick but read what is compatible.
cheaper in price but way much better than Roku
Easy to use
Get this one even if you don't have a 4K TV.
It takes a bit of knowledge to get teget one of h Max out of it.
In love??
Hi-Tec upgrade for my old 2007 Sony XBR 1080p TV
One remote controls Samsung TV, Samsung Soundbar, and Amazon Fire TV Stick
WOW
Not sure you can necessarily cut cable with this!
Best fire stick yet.
Think twice before buying
Great device, besides a locking up issue...
BEST Fire TV yet
No support to turn tv of or off with Alexa
does not play well with 1080dpi plasma
Not really sure yet.
you can plug it into your receiver HDMI
So far so good
Bought 2 - So far one has quit
Destroyed TV
Great picture and handsfree usage with Alexa
Fires TV Stick
A Darn GOOD starting point for Beginner Streamers ! The PRICE IS RIGHT !! ($39.99 TODAY)
Best streaming device, even better with FireTV Recast
Utterly infuriating
If only I could open the battery bay...
Can't beat this unit for the $$
Fire TV Stick 4K, best remote
This thing really works!
Nice addition to my tv
Fire Stick 4K and Vizio Quantum P issue
Endless loop of hell
Easy to set up and use.
Its Okay, wish for more!
Audio cuts out, picture is awful in the whites. And blacks. Mostly the whites
Good picture but needs a cleaner
stopped working after minimal use - Amazon to the rescue!
Cool remote, hardware lacking...maybe
Fire Stick does not work with HDHomeRun App
Almost perfect
Won?t work on a Samsung Smart 4K 55? curved.
Works ok
Wifi has issue, don't connect to network
Above Chromecast but below Roku
Latest update makes this annoying to use
Really great device, but...
Not Pairing W/ Echo Dot
Sound but no Picture!
Changed my streaming experience forever
Easy to use
AMAZING, TV HAS CHANGED FOREVER
Works well
Amazing Product!
A Remarkable Gadget
Anyone else having problems with stereo sound?
For those looking to upgrade firesticks...this one offers very little new
A must buy
Over all excellent value and product!
WOW... What a great upgrade!
unable to pull up my video library with alexa
It's ok for $30
Fire Stick TV is a Good Streaming Tool
Poor setup instructions
Good for the most part
Unhappy-----Fire Stick
Keeps getting better!
Picture quality
BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK.
How to Open the Back to Inset Batteries!
Good news/bad news
Excellent Product ... one suggestion for making it even better
DOES NOT SUPPORT YOUTUBE TV!!!!! waste of time and money. Thanks for nothing amazon
Works about the same as the original Fire TV - 4 star rating explained below
The 2nd Gen fire tv is better.
Econ?mico y funciona bien.
My first Fire Stick but definitely not my last!
Huge Improvement
this is a toy
Total piece of JUNK.. Firestick 4K
Great product, great price, I definitely recommend it!
I keep on losing it!
Awesome
Game changer!
LOVE it!!!
Excellent idea...poor exection
Good but terribad HDMI CEC experience
New 4K Firestick constantly reboots and volume goes out
Its just a Gateway Device to Paid Subscription Movies/TV
Seriously a total improvement!
Only 1 remote needed.
Needs Improvement
Now that the mpeg bugs are fixed this is an excellent Firestick
Nah
Volume Control
This is "Plug and Pray", not "plug and play!"
Firestick 4k is the best firestick yet
Better than apple and cost far less!!
Great product, wished remote was setup for tv control
No more paying for cable
Data usage alert!
Don?t wait, BUY IT
Black screen flashes and signal lost
Great way to get free TV!!!
Fire TV stick is bad, don't buy it
NO YouTube App
Broken controller support
Almost perfect
So much better!
This is way better than having cable.
Not for 4K
We Are Saving $75 A Month With Amazon Fire Stick
Excellent Cable replacement
We LOVE this thing!!!
The Free stuff is not always free.
The perfect streaming device
I love it.
Great job Amazon
Power switch
Great for streaming!
It?s good when it works, but we have constant issues with it.
I absolutely LOVE my new Fire Stick!!
Simply amazing...
Buffering and Lip Sync
Fire Stick Upgrade is totally worth it!
Difficulty removing back of remote to insert batteries
UPDATE ON REMOTE. GREAT NEWS
Keeps freezing up!!
4k Heaven Love it .
Love this Firestick hate the remove apps button
Best Fire TV yet!
Don?t waste your money!!
Fire TV 4K Remote Does It All
Awesome
Ok
Thrilled to use one remote now
Best purchase when you buy a smart TV
love it!
Can't open remote
This is better than a chromecast, but it has some strange things it does.
Nice hardware, unstable wifi, ads
Good device with really poor Wi-Fi reception
Smart Remote
Love it!
Faster in every way even if you don?t have 4K - bought 2
Great upgrade
I want HDMI CEC support for volume and power
The Only Stream Stick You'll Ever Need
You can use this if you only have 2 HDMI inputs too (read on)
Great updated version of the firestick and remote
If I could give this 10 stars I would
A Cool Add-On for my Non-smart TV
Love that Firestick
Excellent addition to all my tv's
Picture Through 4K Stick is Dim
Best bang for the buck, all good things come in small packages.
E-Z for the stu-pid.
Totally Disappointed with this product
Definitely worth getting
Easy to use, great quality
Price is right
Amazon was a great help.  Thanks
Love the new remote
Review 3 - still finding problems
It's good!
Pretty good, which it worked with my Optoma GT1080 Darbee Projector
Yay!!
LOVE my 4K Fire TV Stick
Excellent
Audio Issues
Yep, it's "All That"
I love the Fire Stick so much that I am getting rid of my cable boxes!
Very nice player
Pass on this Horrible Product in all respects!
Improved picture quality after configuration
Why have cable when you can use this?!
IMPRESSED WITH THE UPGRADED WIFI
It Was A Good Purchase
Simple and gets the job done
User interface is dissapointing
FAST, VERY FAST INTERNET CONNECTION
It?s good but I have a few suggestions
Cool
Beware many are experiencing audio dropping issues with the new Fire TV Stick 4K!
So great to have all controls in one remote.
One remote stick for non-cable people
Easy to connect and use.
Works while Google Chromecast is plugged in
Blocked Vudu Movies APP = fail
Works great, and easily moves from one TV to another in the house
I'm trying one more thing but....
Just what i needed!
Happy
Universal Heaven Your Old TV will be new!!!!
Speedy, Intuitive and Smart
Easy to setup and has a lot of apps you can add
Waste of time and money
totally worth the extra money, even if you dont care about 4k
Great Upgrade
A One Time Cost Worth spending.
Dark Screen
Worth The Upgrade
Wonderful improvements make this version the BEST yet!
Fire stick Or smart TV?
Just does not work consistently
No mirroring and issues with Netflix
A cheaper alternative to other TV streaming options with just one little vice.
Better than the last one I had
Good, Not Great
Poor quality materials
The best media streamer for the price!
the 4K streams are HDR
Remote will unsync itself.
Better than Chromcast - Easier to use
My favorite Amazon branded device so far
Beware...
Ditched the dish!
Fire stick little but mighty
Amazon Fire TV 4K - Simply AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!
PlayStation Vue Pauses randomly!
In love
Power button
Works slick
Unplug in order to Work!
No Atmos w/Netflix - Know before you buy!
Great!
Says no internet when internet is fine
Works Great!
Another useless amazon device.
Alexa and the curated apps are neat, but WebView is dated
No better than the 2nd Gen one?
Better than expected
Disappointed
Amazon Fire Stick 4k
$ Saver
Almost in Love
Why did I wait so long?
Very happy with this, supports Dolby Digital
So Disappointed
Get to see more shows, movies; etc
Much faster then the original!
Great compliment to Prime
almost perfect
Easy setup, great video quality
Learned to wait till Amazon stuff goes on sale
Exceeded my expectations
Love it! Easy to use and set up
Dislike product
We love amazon fire stick 4K
New TV Control is Incredible Addition
Fire TV Stick 4k sounded like a good idea. The older versions are reliable.
Would Be Great if I Didn't Have to Keep Entering Login & Password
Broken remotw. No idea how it works
HDMI connection to TV & power connection to short
Good For The Price
Upgrade from previous versions, still no YouTube.
Remote is  awesome
Absolutely the greatest no more cable hooray!!!!
Bought 2- One has stopped connecting on 5.0 GHz
Good but...
Easy to use and far cheaper than cable
Needed remote reset after three weeks
This is as easy as it gets!
CUT THE $20,000 CABLE
Won't link with Echo Dot
Bang for the buck.
Fast and Powerful!
Very Cool Streaming Device
This has given me what I need to finely cut the cord with out giving up a thing!
Great streaming product!
Better than the Last Version
I am addicted....
Love the new 4K Stick!
Whats there to say it a Fire Stick and it's awesome
<30 days So far so good
Love love love this.
New remote is a game changer!
Better than the cube.
Firestick 4K is one of the best values available to replace your current steaming solution.
Very disappointed
Great improvement
Third time purchased
Amazin difference
The Fire stick is amazing !!!
Great!
Fires stick just keeps getting better.
Gets used, a LOT
It's a keeper!!
Wow super easy
Very good product
Is not reliable with DIRECTV now
very simple to connect!
More than met my expectations
Fire Tv Stick with alexa is great!
Big Lag Time Between Remote Click and Response
Really a nice upgrade!
Big Improvement
Great upgrade from the older Fire Stick and is better than my original Fire TV
I Want to Like the Fire TV 4K................
So WONDERFUL!!!
Best Fire Stick Ever!
works better than TV but not that much better.
Chromecast to....
Love my Firestick!
Nice when it works, but...
Installed and Worked without a hitch
Bought mine when they offered a $10.00 savings
Difficult for some seniors to navigate
Best streaming remote
Audio/Video Sync Issue
Easy to use.
The Problems With 4K
The firestick is NOT easy to set up.
Music playing in background
Very nice images
Make sure your hdmi is compatible otherwise you will think it isn?t working!
4K Fire Stick replacement
Fire TV Stick 4K w/Alexa Voice Remote
My replacement Firestick worked much better
Worthless! Won't work!!!!  At all.
Works well! But...
No Ethernet Connection
Awesome streaming stick, faster and with a better remote, dolby vision and HDR
Beautiful picture & easy to setup.
Nice but doesn?t work with Fire TV Recast
Smooth Operator!!!
Great streaming product
Isn?t as in sync with echo products as they lead to believe
Overall, nice streaming product but no 4K
Faster!
4K Firestick OK but still lacking...
Returning this defunct item
We have four of these and really like them
product does not work
Replacement freezes too!
Easy to install, works well.
3 stars
Just what I needed
Very convenient to have volume control added
Plug in and watch immediately.
You will save a lot on your cable bill.
Not what I was expecting.
4k sometimes, not supported at random.
This is a defective product I have ever used.
More Than the original in a much smaller package!
Easy to install and worthwhile
I am frustrated as I am a prime video member and can't watch it in Brazil.
Has A TON of connection issues.  Keeps disconnecting from WiFi mid show and when first turned on.
Don't waste your time
THEY REMOVED SCREEN MIRRORING CAPABILITY
ON FIRE!
Great media streamer on a budget
With an Amazon Prime account this is an amazing product.
Very Dark Screen
Fire Suck not Stick
No xfinity app for this device
Not worth the money in our experience.
Definite Improvement
good while it lasted....
Great item, love it
This firestick isn't your Dad's firestick!
Fired up!
Upgrade!
Works as Advertised
Need help
Not impressed.  I should have just bought the remote.
Holy cow!
Will not connect to WiFi
Needed something to stream netflix
Good & Not so good
This thing is great, and so much better than the Roku!
Fire TV Stick 4K is good - not quite great
You must have wi-fi to use both Amazon TV Fire Stick as well the Echo...both are great products!
amazing, and a valuable upgrade...
**updated**Daily hard restart is only way to have volume
Great for Amazon's original TV content.
TOTALLY WORTH THE UPGRADE!!!
Good product but can you ship with remote battery door off?
Very impressive!
A lot of free channels through Firestick
Amazon 4K Fire TV doesn't support their Amazon game controller
Easy to install! Got this TV off of cable.
The ease of set up.
Works Great
A definite improvement over earlier versions
Fine for old TV with HDMI port
Audio issues
Highly recommend Fire Stick
Nope, not worth it.
Les recomiendo el producto.
Way better than Roku
Love it - worth the upgrade
One of the best purchases I have made this year.
Only way we can watch Netflix on our Sony Bravia TV
Cut cable now! Go with 4K Fire Sticks
Good device but I still returned it
Works great
TV streaming  movie watching
Glad we upgraded
Your Internet Bill Will Be Insane!
Perfect for an older television.
That you all need to add a Type C cord to all Amazon products.
wow just wow
Almost Perfect
same problems as earlier remote
Just recieved and what an upgrade!
EASY TO INSTALL. Directions are clear and easy to follow. See review.
It does what it says it does... But i still have to use two remote to watch Live TV
Way better than the cube
True Prime TV
4K Firestick is almost as good as a Nvidia Shield
Love this!
Awful remote.
Works great with PS Vue
If you stream TV, there is no bertter way
No More Cable
Overseas Customer Support
Awesome............but,
Hardest part is installing batteries!
Easy to install!
No more screen mirroring. ???
Worth it!!
MUST BUY!
1 star is for Amazon support on this item
A good steaming device, but there are limitations
Simple One Remote Solution
works great
Best invention ever!!!
Changed Our Minds...
What took me so long???
Not super reliable
4K All Day Veiwing
Works like it should
Almost there
The best streaming stick for the money
Bad device. Definitely hit made in America
Prime Time
Easy Setup, Visually Confusing to Use
Nothing new here
Audio setting may have to be adjusted
GREAT Fire Device
Best bang for your buck 4K HDR experience
Power for p nuts
I am so happy with the 4k Fire TV Stick
Fantastic Gadget
Wont work with my Hdhomerun
Broken twice
Upgrade remote new features
Will not stream 4K on early 4K televisions.
Performs as advertised and more...
Buen producto.
Amazing product, but PLEASE PLEASE allow for changing of the launcher
Watching YouTube on this sucks!
It isn't better
Failure of expectations for movies
Great system
Not stable for powering 4K devices
Great value and performance
Awesome!
All functions don't work with external computer monitors
Awesome device, works great, and hats off to Amazon for their customer service!
Constantly Drops Internet Connection
Firestick good; remote bad!
The TV Power/Volume button is a long awaited feature
The Perfect Fire TV
This thing is amazing!
Great Fire Stick 4K
Lots of options
I?m in heaven.
Does not work correctly on LG 4K large screen smart tv a message comes up about
Great, but not always user friendly
Great device, but---
Think then think again before buying this
cant streAM YOUtube No More smh
Unmatched device at unmatched price!
Took some effort to get it running!
Upgraded to 4k
Love it!
I Love It!!!
So fast!
Would be 5 stars if wifi wasn't a problem
New and Improved
fresh
Overall a good buy
Mostly good
Fast and responsive - clean interface
A Must Have...
firestick remote control
Its Amazing
Soo much better than it's predecessor!!!
Too bad
Wow, what clarity!
Works great!
Easy to set up and get watching
I?m a fan.  Works great with smart home and volume control
This thing is garbage waste of money and time
Doesn't support Google store at all.
Controls TV without searching for and entering 'Codes'
clean and clear image
Remote
my fire stick
Must bought for bluetooth speakers connectivity
Almost twice the price, half the value of the original firestick
being able to use the firstick
I like it.
I don't find Alexa to be helpful
Best purchase ever made!!
Replaces a cable box if you have a smart tv
Works great on non 4K TV?s too! Remote a bit ?slick?
Added Functionality
Easy to set up and operate
Works great! Great customer service!
Better than the original
great item
Fast Processor Eliminates Most Buffering Holdups
An impressive device
Amazon is the worse courier
Would be perfect with minor tweaks
2nd time it worked
Fire Stick
UNIVERSAL REMOTE = GAME CHANGER
DOES NOT WORK WITH SPECTRUM APP
DO NOT BUY
Great reception
Alexa voice remote, ability to connect to VPN
Pretty useless other than the remote.
Wasted Money
Not for me
Worthless
Great product but...
FREEDOM
Keep an eye on the app if its a surprise, and watch out for arrival!
Stopped working and Dealt with Rude Tech Support
Get a normal firestick. This has a GREAT picture but...
Nice addition
Better performance than diamond shaped fire tv 4k
This firetv stick 4K is super fast
Easy set-up, perfect for a TV that had no cable connection
Definitely better
I do not recommend this product.
Works great with new 4K TV!
Poorly Designed Remote Control
This is really great
You don?t have one yet?
Drops audio intermittently
ALEXA VOICE SAVES TIME
Easy to use
good quality picture
Defective 4K Fire Stick
No more expensive cable bills.
Almost perfect, just needs more storage
No directions included
Worked for about an hour
SHAZAM!
Works very well
Perfect for me
Love my Fire TV Stick 4K!
Paying for Amazon Prime advertisements and only partially works
This thing is a boss
Better picture and sound
no LED on remote
Next time field test before releasing a product
EXCELLENT FIRE STICK
All good except No Dolby Atmos & freezing
Not so fast....
fire tv stick
Not working
Great Product
Great picture, seamless viewing, considerable content.
bought this on QVC, You have got to have this thing.
Small little beast.
One remote for everything!!!!!!
Great!
EHHH! Disappointed!
Worth every Penny
Works great.
Simple to set up & use.
Interesting product but can be a little ?clunky?
Fire stick
Great start....if they're still in the starting process.
Pass on the Firestick
What dreams are made of
good video quality, don't like some features, missing and included
Manual & voice response are great
Cut the cable!!
No Freetime Unlimited on this product.
Wonderful Product
Signficant Improvement over Old Firestick design
Works Great!
Great improvements
Much bigger than the last fire tv stick.
4K Firestick, Thumbs down
Tv + volume buttons are only thing different.
I have cut the cable and could not be happier, best product I have bought in years!
Works great!
Is there a perfect player out there?
Good choice and works
Best Money You Will Ever Spend For Your TV
Ease to use and it?s a fire stick= Awesome!!!
Works well
Works well.
Works like a charm
Not 100%.
Super fast
Great Gift
Great improvement over original firestick
The Key to Access Great Programming
Great streaming device period
It replaced my Roku.
Fire TV and great remote
Absolutely LOVE!
My Samsung TV stopped working after using it for an hour
Thumbs up
So easy to use!
Why U need Fire Stick
faulty remote?
HDR10+ Where is it on Amazon?
NOT PLUG IN AND PLAY
Stars for upgrades
New 4K Stick
Great update
Buffering issues
Changing my 5 stars to 3
The no good, very bad, magical restart machine
Absolutely cheap trash
Garbage
Amazon delivers again
It's not a bad choice.
Great Device.
Easy setup and tailoring to your Brand TV and sound
Excellent remote.  Enable HDMI CEC on your tv.
Happy with the 4K Fiire Stick.
Not That Useful Nor Intuitive
Best purchase for a while .
Best device of all brands! Get 4k version even if you don't have 4k TV!
Fire Stick Freezes Up
JUNK!!!!!
Where have you been all my life!
Easy Set Up, Great Alexa Integration - LOVE IT!
Won?t Plex Atoms
The remote is very difficult to open.  Be warned!
Best way to cut the cord on the cheap !
Voice Commands makes it Easy
Works like a charm
UPDATED: Audio becomes distorted (not one single app)
Really easy to set up, but I love how it comes preconfigured to my Amazon Account
Yay for volume and power buttons
Great upgrade to 4K and Alexa
FAST!!!!!
Just Keeps Getting Better!
mediocre
Fire Stick 4K great pictures
What a good deal!
Good reception
Constant buffering, constant "no internet" messages
Works great even with captive portals, very snappy interface and tons of apps
Big improvement.
Amazing!
Great Upgrade!!
Sound is NOT in Sync with what the actors are saying and often times lags.
Converts TV in to smart, fast, prime, Netflix,  YouTube.com
Great device. Must have
This stick is on fire!
Love It!
A well developed product
Defective Unit
Good.
Truly Disappointed
4K is not that awesome
Bloated with endless ads
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Works great
genial incre?ble..
Easy To Setup and Easy to Use
Upgrade from 2nd FireTV
Fire stick is stuck on home screen doesnt respond.
Quality, simple set up and versatility.
Soooooo many ads
Happy Loading
Finally volume controls!
Great improvement over the fire TV 4k pendant
Just don't lose it!
The best smart TV device out there.
Easy Setup
Easy Peasy streaming video
No Netflix 4K
Mistake.
Don?t buy this
Awesome.
Must have - no wasted pennies here!
Super product
Love new new 4K fire stick
I am in love
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING
Multiple TV shows & networks for free
4.5 stars, love it!
Great but could be better
We love it. Worked like a charm! Alexa's still an old stick in the mud, though. ;-)
Non-stop Fun
Blows AppleTV away
Pure Junk, Sound breaks up every 90 seconds or so.
Better then my Fire TV Box!!
Why did I wait so long??
Had two of these for the exact same amount of time...
Great 4K
Question regarding firestick 4K?
No YouTube
A must have streaming device!
Great little gadget!
alexa firestick purchased in February faulty
Firestick Failure
Amazon doesn't want you to use this with video content they don't own
Changed way I watch
Firestick 4K TV Remote
Does Not Totally Control my Television.  I still require the TV Remote to Access Amazon Prime
Remote doesnt work out of the box waste of money
Luv it
TOTAL FAIL!  Does not support YouTube TV?
Great Product, check need for adapters
works
Definitely Upgrade!
So far, so good!
Fire Stick 4K
Inconsistent connection
Great core functionality
Not enough storage!!!
No more cable!
Hulu Live keeps jumping back to the previous show
Review
Love newly released movies how about old ones, current news and t.v. shows?
Works as advertised
sporadic response
Works as expected...flawlessly!
More features for my TV
Works Great!
it works great
Better than Roku Premier+
Much better than the previous 4K fire stick
Simple to use and works perfectly
After 5 years as prime members finally am getting all the benefits
Fire TV Stick is not compatible with Amazon Game Remote. Hou
It Works!
Fire stick
Wi-Fi usage
I Love The New Fire Stick
lots of great apps/easy to use
Faster much improved user experience
Superb
FireStick
4K Fire TV Stick - A welcome improvement
Works Great for our Purpose
Great 4K Picture, Great Price, Easy Setup!
4 K Fire stick
A well designed and Improved product
PIECE OF JUNK
Fab ulous -- finally with Volume control built in
great second version of an exceptional product
Enabled me to finally cut the cord
TV Control Additonal is Awesome
even old white guys can use it.
Remote Design BAD
Doesn't work with spectrum cable.
Should have bought this sooner :)
Very Impressed
Go 4K...
Garbage
Our 2nd Fire Stick
Love this blazing fast upgrade!
Love my Fire Stick
Works great.
Love it!
Ok but not as good as my older Alexa stick.
These are GREAT!
No xfinity stream app / no VUDU app/ no YouTube TV
Does NOT allow me to use Alexa to control my Samsung TV
VinnDogg excellent fire stick 4K review??
It's Great...When it Works.
Received as a Christmas gift
Love them.
Not what I expected and should have just stayed with my current Netflix device
I love the extra buttons
Excellent reception
Perfect
great product
Don't Bother!
Love it
Good device
Ethernet adapter should be included.
Don?t waste your money
Nice alternative to cable box
Works fantastically....except for occasional loss of volume. Unplug to reset volume...?
Great for use with a projector
great device, improvement over earlier versions
3rd time is a charm???? Probably not.
??????
Too Much Amazon
Works with slower internet connection
Not Perfect, terrible sinc in sound.
Only bought because Amazon wont' allow "casting" over Google Chromecast.
Same software but much much faster and responsive
No audio
Fire TV Stick 4K is great!
Good Things Happen
I can still have my locals
Better than 2nd Gen
Fast AF!
I think mine is defective since day one
Easy to set up and works like a charm!
Spend the extra and get Apple TV
VERY POPULAR AT HOME
Hey I like this thing!
Great little stick!
Screen Mirror Funciton removed!
This thing made me feel stupid
Image quality, speed, better wifi
Does NOT play YouTube TV
Supports almost everything
Perfect for adding Netflix & Amazon Prime Video to an older TV
Its good, with a few issues
Firestick Reboots...unable to get it working
Great produce
It's great!
It doesn't work very well
Basic service outside USA
Won't stay connected
WOW!! GREAT ADDITIONS TO THIS ESSENTIAL REMOTE
FAST SERVICE
Eh, needs a kids mode
Love it!
Love it!!!
Why pay more?
The new wave
Never leave home again
Sorry easy to use, the price cannot be beat!
Works better than I thought
JUNK!
Not Happy
This thing hijacks smart tvs, but . . .
An amazing update to my media access!
This is a wonderful control for a smart tv like mine.
very nice upgrade!
The Fire stick is so slow
Fixing it so it won?t freeze and buffer
Great video quality compared to Roku
Perfect streaming device!
Defective and customer service FAIL!
Totally worth it!
Easy set up., works great!
awesome device
The 4K fire Stick Lived Up To Its Billing
Probable faulty device out of the box
works great, but read instruction on battery replacement or google it for a demenstration
Very easy to install
Yellowish Tint on my Sony Bravia 4K (2017 model)
No more lagging
Must have
Wish I'd gotten it sooner
POS
OMG AMAZING DIFFERENCE!!!
Very good streaming device
Okay but glitchy
Clear inexpensive video access
TV does not have to be a 4K to use
Awesome Duo!
Would not accept my Amazon Prime
Pleasantly surprised
Ok
Love the Fire Stick
Improved performance but not picture
Most excellent product!
Just-Sayen
Better than my Apple TV fo less money
Awesome picture
Fire stick hope it works
Not what I expected.
Wow....love it!
Bye Bye DirectTv, Hello Amazon Fire Stick
Fast and clear, but draws a lot of power.
Great Product
Annoying BUFFERING!
Its very nice to have
Streams slowly
Great Value!
F A N T A S T I C ! ! ! !
Works Great; however my TV does not support the required HDCP 2.2 HDMI port for viewing 4K
If your looking for a fire stick you Definitely need to buy one of these
Dud
It is soso TV
Keeps improving
No need for a smart tv with this..
Good gadget with too much ads
Picture deteriorates after time
Very poor color presence
Easy to operate with clear installation instructions.
Video works with TV or Monitor, Audio controls only work with a TV
Not suitable for everyone that love google services.
remote stopped working after a few days
Great!!!
Fire Stick is Superior to the Competition
Fast and love the remote with tv power and volume
Greatest device I've ever purchased for my television.
Was hoping for something way better
Got a new 4k tv, and wanted to upgrade my fire stick
Should have bought this years ago.
New hand control
TV viewing, Simplified!
Worked for 31 days
FireTV is freakn AMAZING! Totally worth it!
Amazon Fire Stick 4K with Alexa Voice Remote.
Love my 4D fire stick!
Love this thing!
Lets me watch Dish Network
Being able to read all the print.  Movie boxes are too small also.
Does not replace the ease of cable!
Difficult to navigate.
Make sure you have excellent wifi
getting ready to cut out Directv
Great Product
Great gift
Privacy please
Great Streaming Player
FireStick vs. ROKU
Love it!
I like it, I really like it
So awesome....
Too Much For Me
How to use the mouse toggle.
No instructions on Opening the Back of the Remote
Can't Block Browsers Only
Fast speed and amazing picture!
Works as it should
Better than the original.
WiFi problems
Harmony /alexa/fire stick bugs
Great upgrade to Roku
Great investment for better TV watching
Much improved from earlier models
Frustration free packaging...is this the best you can do for remote battery access?
Goodbye Apple. Hello Amazon.
I have bought several but the latest BROKEN
Finally, a Forestick that is worth purchasing!
HOT Ticket to extend your TV Viewing Options
Great but...
Quick & Fast Navigation!
It just works, very easy to use.
Love device HATE NEW UPDATE
Worth the money
Great Device
dont get if you own a samsung tv
Affordable 4k Streaming stick. HDR looks amazing.
Easy streaming
4K is cool
Best bag for your buck! Atmos is incredible!
Easy to get set up
STUPID REMOTE
Better then the regular firestick
Can't decode mpeg2 -Channel 9.3 Chicago and other subchannels (UPDATED Jan 20)
A great addition to my Alexa family.
Not quite there
Very good buy
Best Firestick remote!!
Works well with my Polk/Alexa Command Bar . .
Don't like this firestick, very disappointed
Love it
Bad USB Butt
Best Fire Stick you can own
Everything I wish my smart TV did better.
Works well.
Very Fast, Very Easy
Great Value That's Hard To Beat!
Very disappointed in connectivity
Loving this remote
So easy for all ages!!
firestick is needed if you get a tablo player
Dolby Vision support is cool as well as Atmos but audio issues exist
4 stars
Can't open Remote to insert Batteries
Great upgrade
Quick and easy
No access to Vudu!
Great Product
Cutting the cord has never been so easy
Broke Down
Works with a 10 yr old Sylvania TV
Late Adopter
Much better than I expected!
Well done Amazon!
Wow
Able to jailbreak to add more apps
Not as good as Roku.
Works great on non 4K TV!
good hardware hampered by prime content
Fire stick with volume control remote and Alexa
Love it and I highly recommend it...
Cut Cable
If you buy from Amazon they have everything already set up for you
Still learning
My favorite purchase in years!!!
Faster is better...
Good value.
HOME BUTTION NO LONGER WORKING
Easy, quick install
Mic is a good feature
works as advertised
Alexa Remote is not sufficient
How easy to program without any problems.
Wow what a great improvement over gen 2 stick
Bad connection issues
Well made, as advertised - so far so good
Speed and ease of use
EXCELLENT 4K FIRE STICK
Amazing what this can do!
Remote need to have Light bootons ! Period
wow fast and a great picture
Bad remotes
Works well for the most part, except for a strange issue.
You need to be gifted to work it.
Great Stik
why did I wait so long?
Not Compatible with FIOS
voice comand needs getting used to.
Don't Buy!
Great Streaming device!
Buggy at first, manageable at the end
Super easy to use
Great deal
Friendly user interface
This is awesome?
My Sound Problem Is Fixed
Horrible picture
The sound control makes this so easy to use
Picture good. Connection not so much
Screen freezes at random times
Easy, intuitive, and it works!
It's great
works great most of the time
Very limited usage
Great improvement over previous version
The 4K Fire stick is a must get item
Jerky, not working like the original
The remote could be better
Love It
Picture Quality is Superb
Fire TV Stick 4k problem...
Is it worth the upgrade? Not yet...
Good stuff.
Miracle stick
Easy install - works well
Excellent support from Amazon
Won't work
Sound drop outs.
Fast with sharp display
AYUDA, POR FAVOR TENGO UNA FIRE TV 3RA GENERATION , QUIERO CAMBIARLO POR UN FIRE STICK 4K
Sucks up almost all internet data!!
Probably not owrth buying if your TV comes loaded with APPS.
Get you a 4K firestick
Love Love Love
Worth the money.
Everything I want, but one small, yet very annoying issue...
Alexia and accents don?t work ... lol
Super easy to use.
Wow! Can?t believe the speed.
Disappointed
Good, if it could only stay connected
Gave my not so smart TV a jumpstart!
I like it/ mostly
Fast! Great controls!
Great Improvement!
Love it!
Great Device
Garbage
Pleased with Update.
Not recommended for HBO fans.
Essential for cord cutting
So Easy to Set Up!
Amazon, please redesign remote so cover can be removed or make a chargeable remote!
Great quality and price.
Simple install and setup, fast content downlod and discrete
Amazon Fire Stick 4K
Better Than Expected
I can stream
It's a go
2 months later still working well.
Don?t even try to use a Firestick on a new Vizeo tv.
Love it!!!!
A Good Product at a Good Price
Super easy to use
Fire Stick 4K is best value
Not compatible with 4k diaplays
EASY set up if you use Youtube
Great product and inexpensive.
Just Works
So many movies and TV series to watch...I'm very pleased
Easy to install
I Love it!
Must have!!!
Easy to install
Defective
The device is very good. Using abroad is a different story.
Easy streamer
I'm cutting cable (weaning off process)
Was awesome, when it actually worked...
Works instantly works great pluged into a Samsung TV
Super!!
I suppose it's good for its purpose,
LOVE THIS FIRESTICK 4k - because of the remote!
fire tv stick
Many Fails
Works great
this is my 5th one and is outperformed by the older ones.
Works great for me
Like it a lot,,,
Nice Additions
Great 'generation' upgrade
Streaming for TV
Nice product and quality.
Loses connection frequently
4k upgrade, comes with volume control.
Not an answer to cutting the cable.
So easy to set up and use.
Quits working and is annoying
Some Great Features
Bad bookmark, good product
Almost perfect
too complicated for me
Single remote for my TV and Firestick worth the upgrade
Great quality
New features
Excellent Quality for sucha small and budget Device
Very easy to set up and use
Best entertainment device I've ever bought.
subscriptiion for everything
Navigation through apps
A Great Streaming Device!!
Quality just keeps getting worse
Great device but remote quality feels bad.
Has a glitch at times but usually works
Needs a lighted display on remote!!!
Love em!
Problem opening Directv Now App!
Surprisingly easy to set up
Turned my 55? TV to a smart TV
Works well
Suffers Audio drop outs! Even after 3 calls into support!
ON and Off and Up and Down
Don't eat and use the remote!
Excellent product
Fast processor
Need to buy
Love watching prime on regular tv
Worth the extra $10
Directv now picture is very dark.
Very easy to hook up and use for my parents.
Power button just painted on
Even non-tech people can operate this!
Fantastic 4K Fire Stick
Spotty reception even with the Ethernet adapter
Fast Install with No Headaches!
The remote is awesome
It's different than my old one
Best FireTV, period.
The stick is good but not great. The remote is amazing!
Not user friendly
Come on! The best!
So responsive!
You can save a lot of money using the firestick
Awesome device
Excellent product!
Good device, will be great device once mouse toggle is integrated
I really like the FireTV Stick
Perfect for replacing the Wii for streaming
Better than Cable.
Love our fire tv stick with Alexa
Remote stopped working
GREAT VIDEO PLAYBACK, XBOX ONE CONTROLLER WITH BLUTOOTH WORKS WELL
Doesn't have Vudu!
Slower than expected with an Ethernet connection
Does not synchronize properly with a home theatre system
Uh I guess it?s cool
Stopped working after a month
Mostly simple to use
Poor audio performance
Needed the fire stick to access Amazon Photos on my TV. It works beautifully.
White strip.
Worked great!
Pretty good product
Great product, don't pass up owning one!
Great deal.
Will never look back. Great choice.
Best, Greatest, Fast, Buy It!!
Works with my roku TV. Works with hotel TVs. What else can I need!!
Fire TV Stick 4K Is Worth The Money
Great Product
Sound drops
Failed in 1 day
No More Direct Tv
Works great for me
where is the 6th star?
This is a full blown Android PC that runs apps. Not just a TV stick for Prime
Easiest of Technologies!
Great when it works.
Great app selection, but echo incompatible.
Works like a charm
I heart Amazon 4k Firestick
works great!
Great Stick!
Fire Stick 4K
Super easy to set up!
Easy set up, Just Terrific
Best Streaming device for the Price
Works on ALL TV's that have an HDMI input jack!!
Improved service. Love it.
Great tech toy to have
NOT CREDITING MY PAYMENTS I MADE!!
Fire TV 4Kstick with Alexa voice remote
Fast firestick and a great-featured remote!
LOVE the Amazon Fire Stick!!
Fast
Wifi Signal booster, not much evidence to support this claim.
Not as advertised
Love this new fire stick!
Which End is Up
Save yourself a headache - go with the original Fire TV Stick
Waaaayyyy better than Apple TV 4k
Plug and Play
Duh!
Still learning
Doesn't stream my YouTube TV
love this
We love it!
Cool tool
Picture So Clearer
Ease of use and quality of picture
Great streaming stick
RETURN ITEM FOR SURE
it works
On, Off, Volume Up, and Down for any TV!! GREAT!
Good Product
Fire Stick & Alexa Remote
Good visual quality and sound!!
The Netflix app doesn't work on it. Amazon refuses to honor their warranty and replace it for me.
Outstanding in every way! Bye bye OVERPRICED Apple puck.
Great Value and easy to setup and use.
Great!
amazon purchase
Impressive and simple to use
Awesome fire stick
Works great!
Awesome Product!! Able to watch movies in 4K!
Perfect Complement to Amazon Prime
Easy to use - no cable ever again!
I cut the cord!
Get rid of cable and enjoy all the benefits of Firestick.
Worth the money!
No Ethernet plug
Love the interface
Definitely would buy again
A TRASH product! Short-lived only, go Chromecast or Apple TV last years and years !
Beware - SCAM
You won?t need anything else allows you to cut the cord if you know what you?re doing
Great Device
Follow instructions closely and you can't go wrong
Meh....
Happy cable cutter
Better, but not perfect
Great but Alexa isn't
Best product for a poor college student!
Easy to use and install
So simple. Works just like it should
Love it. Miss casting.
Fire TV Stick 4K with the Alexa Voice Remote works very well.
We love love love it!!??
Love controlling my TV but HATE that I can't mirror my device
Not for rural ares. Sorry
So far we love it!
Awesome, Fast, Better than Roku!!! Controller is amazing
Love how easy it is to use!
Item failed after 3 months
Representatives  should be  better  informed  about  a product  !,
Doesn't work Prime Video
Better than original fire tv stick!
Love it
Great Features But Full of Ads That You CAN'T TURN OFF
Should have bought a long time ago.
Better than the previous version
Great product easy to add apps and bookmarks from the internet.
Not worth the cheeper price.
Finally watching prime videos
Only lasted 2 months
Easy Set-up & Easy to Operate
This time, I really enjoy the volume up, volume down, and mute sound buttons
Love my new Fire Stick and Echo Dot
New Remote
fire stick right out of box does not work
make sure to have your router password handy, it is needed for the setup
Easy to use with great content.
Greaat device
Seems faster
It Works fine
Best Stick they make
Another Incredible Amazon Device!!!
Cord Cutters dream
Forget the cable tv
Cannot recommend enough, buy today!
Frustrating
Nice remote
Problematic voice commands, especially volume!
Great product
Bought the Fire stick to watch Hulu
Nice upgrade from the old fire stick.
Not Worth It
So worth it!
Happy to see more functions on remote
Not worth the change!
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Worth it for us
Amazing speed and picture
Upgrade is worth it.
La la looove
WIFI signal
Best chord cutting device period.
Easy setup and works great!!
Lovin it
Great Firestick.
4k Fire TV stick is fun
Love it!
Terrific 4K streaming and more
Works as advertised
The voice control and remote are functional but limited on my older Sharp TV.
Much better than the original
more choices!
Excellent for Travel
Good product
Good product.
Brilliant Picture
...
Picture is exceptional
It works on older tv's, even with sound!
Good choice
I connected it myself
Why did I wait so long???!!!
Easy Installation
Waste of money
Improvced version
It understands my voice easily
Great fast access to many outlets and shows of all kinds.
Fire Stick 4k
New TV, new firestick
Quite disappointed!
Easy to use and a must have!
Information when buying
So far it's awesome
Faster Than the Original Firestick
Amazon always have great Sales on the holidays
Firestick 4K
fire stick stuck
Wow! Great Picture Quality.
Love it
Fastest Fire Stick Yet!
Love the new faster CPU and Volume Controls
Firestick 3gen is easy to install and use.  Love it.
Easy setup
Works great
Simple to set up and use
Sent it back
Wonderful product.
Getting Better.
Easy to Use
Amazing
So many apps
Easy peasy lemon squeezy
TV Controls are limited
White Screen of Death
It lags with streaming tv.
Good, but there are better options out there.
Will not work with any of my TV's
Faster and easier than previous Fire Stick
4K TV? This is an upgrade over previous fire stick
Buy it, you?ll find a reason to use it.
Best of the streaming devices for 2018
Works Fine!
Don't waste your money on a Roku!
Pretty good
Significant improvement over previous generation stick.
No Mirroring
Fire TV stick
Easy to Setup/Easy to Use
Awesome Entertainment choices
Great new features
High Hopes
ire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Convenience
Known bugs, WAIT until they are fixed to buy!
It does not support DTS sound pass through
Will not turn back on.
Absolutely Great Product
Works great with 4k movies.
Amazing product and technology
Fire TV Stick 4K with Alexa
Excellent Device
Why i changed the old for this?
LOVE my Fire stick
Great improvement from older version
Definitely get the firestick!
Upgraded remote with Volume & Power button!
Error 5505. Plz solve my problem so that I may enjoy prime videos
Causes bad screen tearing
WHY>>>WHY>>>WHY
Even Seniors can install and use the Firestick!
intermittent audio
WOW, I am impressed.
This is a wonderful device
Easy to Use
Fast responsive and easy to pack
EASY to install and use!
Amazing!!
Works great for bedroom T.V.!!!
A Great Device To Streem Shows or Movies
Good Fire Stick
Easy Peasy
Channel selection
Perfect device at the perfect price
The best user interface and value available - and 4K too!
Makes cable obsolete (with Hulu Live) - HUGE SAVINGS and FREEDOM
easy setup and great picture
The best tech ever
awesome
OMG....
new firetv stuck on logo
Amazin Firestick, put a match to it..that's a good use for it
Awesome - cube replacement.
Exactly what I expected in a good way
Updated version
Love it
Initial home page not like the old
comes with the newer type on/off remote
Not worth it
Just get it already. O_o
It?s of no use
Meets all of my expectations.
Working great.
Reliable and Easy to Set Up
Unreliable garbage
Can't get the remote open to put batteries in
Works fine but have some little issues with the sound
It?s Magical.
Performs As Stated
Love it!
Super easy to setup!
I love it
UHD Firestick is superb !
Fire stick works great!
NO more 130.00$ cable bill for me
Just needed and extra one
Love it
AMAZON FIRE STICK 4K
Amazing firestick. Flimsy remote back cover
A technology that is quickly being left behind
Does not work with YouTube TV
Its ok
Will Use to Connect with DirecTV Now
Crashes Apps streaming Live TV
Remote control
Cool interface and idea but faulty
Disappointed purchase.
It Really Works
Audio Issues
TV is on FIRE!
Converted from Google Chromecast to Firestick
Easy to use
Creates a White Set of Dots Along the Bottom Right of our 4K TV
Help please!
Not worth the money.
Randomly quit connecting to wifi.
Excellent upgrade!
Great product
Love it
A Super Deal
I love this fire stick.
Fire Stick
Usability
Easy.
Easy Peasey
If your internet is from a mifi using this will raise your cost for your phone bill
No issues
A fantastic purchase
Great uprgade from my old Fire TV stick.
great stick4k
Best  voice recognition of a remote
Wonderful way to watch TV
Best deal ever!
Convenient device, but...
nice!
Bluetooth audio is super low
The new voice control is great
Fire TV stick 4K is great!
Sweet remote!
Many apps are available for use with this including free ones like Kodi and pay services like Philo.
GREAT NEW FIRE STICK!
Quite fast
Cut the cord, then buy this item
4K stick is AWESOME!!!!
Wireless keeps Disconnecting.... Resolved
Awesome Device
So Easy to use!
Remote doesn't work/ no connection
Amazing Upgrade!!
Can?t beat it for the price!
Fast!
Amazon is basically a legal drug dealer.
Awesome
Wow, this is saving me a lot of money, LOVE IT!!!
Easy to setup and use
Great quality for a very affordable price!
Alexa
Poorly Manufactured
Works great
A simple awesome device
Easy setup and use
Get rid of Satellite! Go w/ Fire TV - Stick
Best fire tv yet
The Firestick, an asset to any television.
Sadly disappointed...
Works Great - most of the time
I like it!
New to Streaming and Surprised at Ease and Availability of Selections
Made a good purchase
A Must Have Item!
I love the WiFi range.
works well but not sue you need one
It works
Give it a try, you won?t be sorry!
It?s 100% better than Google Chromecast!!! It?s fast and efficient!
Firestick 4K
Stick with Roku, Not Compatible with many apps
Lived up to Expectation and then some
Easy to use.
It Works!
Senior and technical equipment!
works great
Works well.
More options than one can imagine
LOVE IT!
Perfect!
viewing the firestick
Amazon Fire TV is the best!!
Easy Peasy
Game Changer!
The future is here.
great gift, even better investment
Had problem but corrected.
like the new volume control
No Cable
Really helps the older people
Finnalllllyyy!!?
New Fire Stick and the best
Setting up
A great update to a great device!
This thing is awesome
Definitely the best version of the Firestick so far
You own how many Amazon devices?
So much better than the regular firestick
Enjoyable Movie Watching
Finally something that really works
Great product
Get this one
Great upgrade!
Pretty Painless and Very Functional
Took me less than 5 minutes to set up
incredibly unstable device
So easy to set up
Replacing my satellite!
Cut your cable TV today and enjoy saving  $$$
LOVE Love LOVE!
That I?m saving money
Apple vs Amazon
Stick to cable. Not worth it.
Fire Stick 4K with Alexa Voice remote
Not as user friendly as Rolu
Super quick and great Bluetooth communication
Too much ads and faulty power supply
GReat
Never buffers or stops
I love this dang thing
easy to add apps
This is great
Best stick ever
powerful, flexible and configurable media box
Great Buy
Just learning
Incredible technology at a really low price
No mirroring support
GREAT GIFTS
It's so easy to use!
Love it!
Fantastic product
Works Great!
Does not work with Xfinity app.
Goodbye cable
Contastly Resetting
Well worth it
New to Fire Stick, but not bad so far !!!
User-friendly remote control
value
Jitter Problem
Unless I'm ignorant, I don't think the firestick will control antenna television
Very good product!
I gotta say, when 4k came out i thought it was a gimmick, but now i know it is
So far, I love it!
You have to pay extra for the HDMI Extender, BS.
Thank you Amazon Fire TV Stick
Much better than older versions
Voice control is awesome
I AM IN LOVE!
Cutting cable is easy...
Girlfriend loves it
Great picture and functionality for a low price
Easy to Use, Maintenance-Free, Impressive Quality of Video & Sound
Love it, Love it, Love it
THE BEST FIRE TV STICK MADE SO FAR!
Voice control is nice!
Works Great!!
Item Defective
Works great.
Best so far!!
Great value, trust me you will love it!!!!
What a great upgrade.
Best TV stick for the price
Best gift firestick 4? amazing
Great alternative to cable!!
Perfect harmony for TV and Firestick
Great Interface bye Roku
Much improved.
Great Upgrade
works great
Fire stick
Great device for streaming Amazon movies.
Returned google chromecast in favor of Amazon Fire Stick 4k
Step one of cutting the cord
Nice when it works, no Vudu
Not as good as the cube.
Worked for about two weeks and now keeps saying wi-fi password incorrect
Intermittent wi-fi
Turns your non smart TV to a smart TV
Easy and it works
Works Perfectly
Firestick purchase was the best idea
Love my firestick and love Amazon's customer service even more!
Excellent picture quality now
Good BUT had to reset after the first day
Best stick yet!!
Nice upgrade!
First one broke after a year. Giving it another chance.
NO MORE SCREEN MIRRORING, beware!
Remote is extremely hard to open
Poor performance- does not live up to all its promises
Better than cable
STOP PAYING FOR HIGH PRICED CABLE
Amazing picture and sound! Love the Alexa Remote!
Purchasing a 3rd
A great streaming device
WOW
Beautiful picture!
Amazon Firestick 4k
I should have ordered this 4K stick first.
Fire TV Stick 4K
Okay for the price
Works and fits great.
Disappointing - seems to be the theme for my last few Amazon devices
A lot faster than the previous version but It needs to be restarted a lot to have sound.
Great product for the price!
Better than Chromecast
the many different program you can receive
Great Item
One remote! Awesome!
Fan fav
Apps and streaming are minuses
Best way to ditch your cable
We are going to be very happy with it.
making sure you have account with amazon because it wont work if you dont.
Yassss!!!
Smarter than Smart
Love it love it love it
Great except for the Voice remote
Nice improvement over old units
So clear!!!
Impossible to put batteries in remote
I love it but it has a few quirks
Works well with Alexa
Simple to use and works great.
Requires Hi-Spd WiFi Connection
I love it !!!
Still getting used to it
Love the firestick
Everything I wanted and more!
Wifi won't stay connected
Firestick is lit!!
BEST CORD CUTTING
Just Need Vudu App for 5 Stars
Works great
junk
Amazing Device
Easy to use
great streaming device
Power supply is too large
Must have adapter for it to plug in.
Great upgrade from my original Fire TV stick for my 4k TV
Worth an upgrade
Nice Update
Works Great!
? Installing Fire TV Stick?
Impressive value
Works Well with Denon In Command AVR
Black Friday Steal
Best fire tv stick so far
Anyone can install this
Fantastic!!
false advertisement! Can?t view live cameras
Like watching my Amazon photos on big screen
Great Bluetooth support
A great product!
Great remote
Excellent performane and easy to setup
Great product
Love it except for one problem
Fire TV stick 4K makes my older TV Smart
Need Keyboard
Love the speed, clarity and most apps...but no spectrum app...why not?
Great, cheap way to work into streaming!
Voice recognition with amazing Amazon tv
Works some of the time
WOW!
Fire TVStick 4K
Amazon Fire stick is really neat!
Easy setup
Works for a month and then stops responding via ANY remote
Dissapointing
Great little TV unit.
So far best fire tv product yet
Great buy!
Drops WiFi constantly
Great technology.  What a wonderful invention.
Fire Stick is a great Buy
Cut the cord! Great TV Viewing!
Works as advertised
Love the fire stick, but.....
Don?t bother
Works great
Like the new remote.  Will hopefully like the 4K Stick better after first update.
Great Product
Great purchase
Fire stick 4K Great
Good, When it Works
Does not support Miracast
Set up is easy even for tech illiterate seniors!
Great Technology
Great purchase
Firestik 4K Is incredible
Awesome Upgrade!
So much better love the upgrades over previous firestick
love this!
More storage space
latest firestick
I Love this Product
Great product
Mastertech tv not supported for remote
Nothing special
Great value and price
Awesome
Easy Access  to more video streaming options than my Blu-ray player
Just buy it. You will love it
Works Great
3rd party tech assistance non-existant
WORKS GREAT
Best yet.
Easy to Use and Provides Great Functionality
Super easy to use once it's set up
really fast fire stick
AWESOME
easy to use
Great tool to make your viewing more exciting and comfortable.
Best ever
New remote is so much better
What's to say?
Love it!
Great buy
Garbage
Just buy it and you?ll be happy!
Love it
So fast.
An Upgrade Regardless of whether you use it for 4K
Does everything it advertises, and more, with ease.
Recommend
No more skipping!! Yayy!
Audio synch
Easy set up
The Content is a BIG FAT WOW.
Great!
It is perfect
Not very easy to navigate
Updated review
so close with the TV control
Fire Stick is fantastic
This is the greatest birthday present our Christmas present you can give
Great product! Responds quickly! So glad I listen to my son, he said I won't be disappointed.
This is Terrific!
Good quality and value
Enjoy Amazon Prime on the big screen!
It works.
Awesome job, Amazon!!!
Great Product. Faster Processor
BUYER BEWARE NO SCREEN MIRRORING
Fire Stick 4K
love this device
Really nice !
Works OK, but ads misleading.
Works well.
Poor cable box replacement
Very good device. We are happy with the purchase.
I knew what to expect
Great product!
My Fire TV Stick
Great TV
YES 4K
Fire is fine
Love this updated Fire Stick
Mehh...
Nice Channels
So easy!
Nice
Good, but volume issue.
Go firestick
Faulty
Sound went out??
Finally a remote that can control the TV as well.
Easy to setup and use
Love, love , love
Using volume on tv
Picture Quality, Speed and 1 remote
Love the Fire TV Stick 4K!!!!!
Nice remote
Easy to install
This firestick is faster
Buy it and you'll love it
Best streaming device for prime members
Best gifts ever
Excellent - 3rd second gen I have purchased
Works good; lasts long time
Perfect!
Not needed for smart tvs
Misleading  sometimes
Great alternative to buying a new TV or carrying expensive TV services
Tremendous Flexibility
Great upgrade to the Firestick
Stuck on bootlogo
perfect streaming option
The New remote control
Most useful and FUN tech device ever!!!
God awful
Great investment
Easy, Easy, Hard.
Does not support screen mirroring.
yayyy
The 4K Stick ?Lemon? is one that actually works in this case.
Did what I needed
Doesn?t work with Directv!
Why Havent I bought before?
Good Upgrade on the outgoing model.
Excellent.
Doesn?t work in my country.
Mostly happy
Remote stopped working after 4 months, replaced with warranty!
The Fire stick can be the quintessential cure
Love Firestick
Needs to be preloaded with Amazon App store!!!
Great way to watch and find what you are looking for in viewing.
Easy to install Amazon Firestick
Fire stick 4k
Love it
NO MORE SCREEN MIRROR FEATURE!
Fire stick was a great addition
Easy and simple to use
CANT GET THE BACK OFF TO REPLACE THE BATTERY
Best 4K TV Experience - Super fast
Best investment..Love it!!
lousy packaging
Love it!
A valued addition!
Love This!!
The 4K Fire is awesome
Emby Friendly
Can't control the fire tv with other alexa devices, a simple turn on or off needs remote!!
Ease of use topnotch
Great stuff!
Limited outside USA
TV Fire Stick
Great update
One of the best buys
Good
Alexa FireStick
Finally One Remote
Fire Sticks are great !!
Not worth the money.
No YouTube TV
Very satisfied
Very easy setup and easy to use
Things aren?t always what they seem
Works well, good quality
A wonderful creation!!
Fast and beautiful.
I?m not liking the 4K fire stick
Better Than A Roku
FUN to use!
Can't seem to get it to work.
Works with Att watch tv app!!!
Volume feature
The ultra HD IS Absolutely amazing !!
great
Super easy set up
The clarity is AMAZING
Great product for the price
No mirroring!
Newest Fire Stick
Fantastic
Amazing!!
good way to update an older tv
Firestick is worth it
Cut the cord!
So much better than Apple TV
mouse toggle does successfully load
Outputs fake 5.1 when source is not 5.1
No regrets here!
Disappointing
Much nicer remote than standard fire stick
the best so far..
Love but...
Now very happy
MLB?????
Perfect streaming device
No issues
Fire Stick Way to Go
Got stuck setting up AV receiver
Over half the apps still require a cable or satellite subscription. So why buy this?
Hoping to cancel our cable
EASY. CONVIENENT. QUALITY CONTENT
Amazon has blocked the operation outside the US
Wrong USB cable sent
Super convenient
Works great!
Disappointed!
Remote won't connect with the stick. TV won't turn on/off.
Wish I had it sooner
The new remote is the best!
Best of them all !
Voice activated
Fast, responsive and 4K display!
I had issues, Amazon refunded my money
Firestick
The remote is awesome
Non functional, right out of the box
works good for me so i bought another one it is great and easy to travel with
Fast and Furious
Easy all around
Amazon does it again - 5 thumbs up
Upgrade
UHD and MOVIES too
Buy It!
Remote freezing up.
A+++
The best gadget for the house
A fun toy
Awesome Updrade
You do need WiFi
Love!
HDMI port all you need to be smart
Love it
Must have a dedicated outlet to stream properly.
Awesome!!!!
What's the point
Great upgrade!
Just a fire tv stick
I love it!
love it.
excellent product
Great Product !
It keeps restarting!
Just follow the directions and don't over think it.
4k anyone?
Fire TV Stick 4k
Keeps getting better!
U-verse compatible is great
Easy WiFi connection
Fast--but Hulu wouldn't always open
Super fast
Great way to cut cable
Great little gadget
Very nice!
Fire stick 4K
Major sound issues
Pretty good but..
A stick on fire ?!!
Love the fire stick
Very good!
you will love this component
Easy setup, love the voice remote
Love it
If you record
Much Faster!
Just About Ready To Cut The Cord!
much faster and more features than old one
Apps are awesome. Alexa great for older people!
Easy peasy
Nice upgrade to a great product
Great upgrade
Super easy set up! Fantastic picture!
Still loving it.
Fire stick-Get it!
Better deals are offered
Good deal but confusing
Cut the Cord
Great Value
Super awesome streaming, worth the purchase.
LOVE IT
easy to use
Cut the cable! Firestick is the way to go..
Great for streaming
Good voice search
Ordered two...both broke within the first week
Great Buy!!
This fire stick is too only improve picture quality no more no less!
One works, one doesn't
Huge Improvement!
you don't get 500,000 free movies
Great Fire Stick
LOOKING FORWARD...
the Best Fire Stick Yet!!!
Getting a replacement, hope it?s a five star.
Fire TV Stick supports our no cable
The best streamer on the market
One Remote Control
works well
The new remote is amazing and it's fast!
A great way to watch movies and older TV shows.
Information is out there for you!
How it is made and easy of use
Better then roku
Love "Fire TV SticK 4k
Ads and suggestions almost kill any positive this device has
SIMPLE TO USE
Excellent streaming device.  All you need.
Good product but not mirroring
good stick but some issues
Works better than Roku
Not as easy to utilize as I was led to believe.
Great functions and outstanding value
Very disappointing
Lacking app availability
Large Variety of Programing
Great Product
Love It!
no real problems
Audio cuts out constantly.
Quick set up and easy to use.
Great purchase!
Frezees from time to time
Great upgrade but wish it had...
Enjoying Fire Tv!
Back Where I Should Be
HOT Amazing AMAZON Fire Stick
Simple easy hookup and connecting to internet apps
FIRE TV STICK
All OK so far
Love it!
Just one remote
Super Easy, Super Product!
Does everything
Disappointed
Very good on 4k content
Brought life to my smart TV...
Worked great for 2 weeks.
This Fire Sticks It.
HDMI adapter problem
I am satisfied with my fire stick 4K
It's super smooth
Don?t waste money, honest review normal buyer
seems to do ok.
My Bose Cinemate 120 Console will not work with the 4K Firestick?
I give it a three out of five.
Great upgrades
4K Fire Stick
The volume and power control button do not work
Fire TV Stick
Bad selections
Great time to upgrade
Headline
Takes a little time to learn everything
Great streaming device
The Fire TV Stick 4K seems to work STRANGE Why???
The remote quit working.
This a great easy setup and great programs
Great addition to home viewing!
Must use an arc (audio return channel) from you TV!
Way better than the older version
Fire TV Stick Easy to Install and Use
Wonderful.
Doesnt have NTFS support. HDD/NAS/Thumb drives----look elsewhere
Good Streamer!
Fantastic with TV volume and power buttons
Great Product!
worth the upgrade
Hulu live doesn?t support 60fps on this fire stick yet!
Cutting edge
Don't buy. Stick with Roku
I love these Firestick 4K
Enjoyed tremendously
Great product!
Great product n service
Works as expected
Light weight/does not tangle
Works great. Volume and power for TV is excellent.
No Amazon Customer Support to help with Defective Product
Connects and Controls AV Receiver!
Going to get more for our other tvs
Exceeds Expectations
So happy with this fire stick
Fire stick
Wife loves it
Getting comfortable with every use!
amazing!
great little device
Great device to help reduce your cable bill
Can?t lose with a firestick
Fire TV Stick 4K exceeded all expectations.
Great Purchase
Great Service
try it out
Firestick fixes
Great!
Best think your tv can have
This stick is way better
Should've done this long time ago
one remote that controls my TV, Sound Bar and the Firestick
Fire Stick 4K and jitters
Does not allow use of existing subscriptions.
One Star
Great upgrade from first gen fire stick
Not a TV stick
Bye-bye cable
Love it!
faster to load
Definitely recommend
Plug and play
Fire TV Stick 4K
This over Roku
Don't buy the firestick if you have xfinity one.
Fire stick
Silk Browser problem
Not a replacement for cable
Fire TV stick 4K
Awesomely Fantastic
Significant improvement over the 1st gen
Works great with Alexa and wireless cameras
Easy and Practical
Good unit
We Cut Our Cable
Enjoy
Very easy installation
Love it!!! Already had 3 before this.
Amazon tech to the rescue!
So Far I am Very Dissaointed
Great gadget.
Ease of use but Alexa doesn't work that well.
Please reference the above comments
Love it!!
Fast and good - worth every penny
Picture ,and speed
Limited
Would recommend
Should have done this a long time ago!
Great product.....can be somewhat confusing.
not compatible with older equipment
Better than TV
My young grandchildren love it
Works great, my only qualm is that you cannot turn it off.
Check the compatibility with your TV.
This product doesn't work
Nice addition to regular tv
Using the device now that we have it.
New user.
Easy to use!
Great
Faster than old fire stick
Not User Friendly
Incredible Upgrade!
Very easy to use, nice product.
Exactly what we needed!
Best Purchase
The Best $39.99 I've Ever Spent!
Stick is good for everything except regular stations
Buffers Too Much
whole new world for a tube type TV user!
Fire Stick
looks dull next to previous version firestick/ change of settings and issue resolved.
Faster then all the rest.
Mirror Feature Gone
Easy set up and smooth operation
No search function  STUPID STUPID STUPID
Excellent device.
Replace those cable bills!
No volume control via Bluetooth
Easy installation.
its ok
Not what all I thought it would be
Love our firestick
Pretty slick
Plays everything I want
Convenience
Works well but lacking apps
Storage
Best Firestick yet !
New improved and easy to use!
Love our Fire Tv remote & media player
Best valued 4k streaming device by far
Fantastic TV aide
Be sure you have an adequate power source, the USB port on some TVs might not be enough.
Good product
Fast
Great Alexa feature!
Works well
Love
Doesn't work with YouTubeTV
Best one yet
Works well but remote should have backlight buttons
Great support
Battery compartment cover very difficult to open.
You better get it
Very Happy
So far, all that I expected, and more.
Buy it
Welcome to Alexa
Much better performance than previous versions
Amazon all the way
Great device.
Cutting the cord with fire stick 4k .
Cut the cord
Not so great
So Far So Good
Does not have the channels available on Roku
Atmos compatibility is sorely lacking.
Better than cable
Good
Worked great until repeated reboots
Start Up Easy
Love it
Simplicity
This Firestick is improved over earlier models
Fire TV Stick 4K
a great improvement
Best one yet!
Audio Cuts Out Periodically
Vudu is not an app you can download on the fire tv stick.
Absolutely love this device
The picture is very clear, with no buffering lags.
My 1st Fire Stick - 4K
BETTER THAN CABLE!
Much faster than the v1 fire stick
Solid
easy to in stall
Good value
Wish I bought this sooner!
Fire TV stick plus Alexa
Works really well
Works as intended
EXTREMELY disappointed in Amazon!
Great addition, more options!
Faster processer
Works well with my entertainment system...
price difference 49.99 now 39.99
Great product
Love it!!!!
No YouTube tv
It?s ok
Power functions on remote are the best thing since sliced bread.
Perfect
Better than I expected
Very easy to use!
Volume control is a plus!
Great Improvement
easy installation
Easy & fun to use!
Ditching cable.
Better than my smart TV
Works fine.
This is one SUPER GREAT PRODUCT
What Does Alexa Do?
Great device!
You should buy it.it's worth it.....
Better than dish or cable
Great device but A day too late for the  Firestick sale
Now the fire stick adjusts the volume, so no other controller is needed!
4K stick-  good deal
Loving It
Limited movies in 4K
Awesome technology!
Still room for improvement
hope it will work
Easy to set up
Doesn't work on 1080p
4k
Love the new remote
Clear pictures ,fast but bad remote wishes it could?ve  been better.?
Glad I Upgraded
Firestick
Great Streaming Device with TV Controls
I love it
DOES NOT support amazon game controller!
It's ok
Easy and fun to use
Needs setup instructions for Alexa device connection
Faster than my 2nd Gen FireTV Box
buffering nightmare
Love this!
4k streaming and volume control.
Great picture quality, quick responses to remote clicks.
It does more than I expected.
All you want!
they remove everything you love
No Bluetooth Volume Control
great... when it works
Great gift idea
Good product
Nice little ?organizational? device for streaming addictions
Big improvement.  Crisp picture on older tv.
Searching channels differs from Dish etc.
Couldn?t get it to work
Awesome product !
Don?t buy regular version even if you don?t have 4k
4k
Well Worth The Money
Wife LOVES New Firestick!
BE CAREFUL
Alexa doesn't understand
Make sure you add something to the remote or will be lost
Faster and more powerful
Easy to set up
Much more than expected
Latest fire stick is AWESOME!!
FireTV
Fire Stick done right!
Easy to connect and  use.
Don't hesitate...BUY IT!
Thank You, Amazon
Better than chromecast
A first class streaming device with Alexa remote
Excellent Product
works great and remote's enhancements with TV controls is great
New version is much faster but not all apps work
Everyone Needs This
Nice
Great product
I am a big fan of FireStick
Nothing like Roku
Ideal for cutting the cord!
This item was ordered by mistake I do not need or want Alexa. I'm lazy enough as it is.
watch fox news and movies
Best value for streaming
A waste of money
Amazon Firestick
Meh
Not goot!!
Firestick is AWESOME_Sauce??
Awesome device
Tech Support Great!
Great Product
Love it.
Would recommend
I love it.
Alexa-Interface on Firestick Disappoints
Best streaming device I own.
Much better
Love this!
Really nice product
REMOTE WILL NOT OPEN!!!!!!!
Very fast
Reasonably easy to install.
Great all around
Not worth it
Enjoying it so far!
Great way to watch TV
Best firestick to date
Highly recommend
Great! I love it!
Excellent Product
Everything as promised.
Great update!
Nicceeee
Great
Remote back cover
Great little gadget
Drop your $140 a month Cable or Satellite company.
Great addition- highly recommended for your smart hub needs
Waste of technology
Buy it!
Lack of customer orientation from Amazon
Easy to set up!
ONE REMOTE FOR EVERYTHING!
Love it
Every one should upgrade to this 4K version with optional payment plan. This can't be beat!
Faulty remove otherwise amazing product!
Awesome Technology
Great picture, still needs updates.
Nice Produce
Working Perfectly !
Cut the Cord
Get It!
Love
doesn't click as loud as 1080p firestick.
Way better than the first
Tv listings.
Love the up grades.
4K picture quality
great
Amazon Fire Stick works great
Worth the upgrade
New features
Fire TV Stick 4K
Remote Issues
One remote to control it all!
super easy setup
works well!
Fire TV Stick
Love the volume and mute buttons
Great product!
Won't work with SSID broadcast disabled
Good but some flaws
Horrible
TV update
Love the newest firestick
Works perfectly for what I needed
Great additional dimension to our viewing pleasure
A locked down device
Fire TV
Way better than cable
Upgraded for the IR remote
Easy To use and Set up
Fire Stick 4k
Well made. Easy to use. Fast. Works great.
great product
Doubles as a computer monitor
Firestick + Amazon, Netflix, Hulu is all you need
Fast and affordable streaming experience
New device body needed.
Am very satisfied
Easy setup,  alexa enabled,  amazon credentials pre-configured
I love this product!
Great Product
WAYYYYYY better thank Roku
Ok but trouble staying connected to internet
Worth the extra money
love the remote
Very easy to use
Overall great!  But all apps are not available.
4k fire tv stick
Great!!!
For most people this is the best option I've seen
Really clear picture
Works well
New remote home button is slow.
Easy set-up
Love it
Wi-Fi error message
Worth the investment
Great purchase - Amazon Fire Stick TV 4K
?
But something you can download and use any app
eats up batteries
I Love FireTV
Love it!
This one is amazing.
The only way to stream.
My husbands fav gift
Audio dropouts ruin this
easy streaming
it is a must have
It does a good job
Continually shuts off and reboots
Much better than original Fire Stick!!!
I love this thing!
No more interrupted WiFi connection
Best yet
Affordable
Alexa
Loving the 4k quality and Alexa!
Very easy to use and configure
Should have ordered Sooner!
Great product and saves you money on cable!
Fun To Use!
It work as advertised.
CONSTANTLY RESETS
Love this
Returned it defective
So much more economical than cable.
Loving it
Great!
Like it but, date/time wrong
So far so good but hate subscription
Highly recommended
Works great
Easy setup and easy to use.
Great Viewing
Can't believe I waited so long.
Restarts over and over with Phillips 4K tv
??
Thank you
Love it!
Easy, Peasy
Amazing
Great Fire Stick!
Bought 4
Overall happy
Not clear
Freedom
Horrible Audio Sync Issues
For people who like to watch TV, but only on their side wn terms.  Avoiding commercials.
Very easy to use
Volume button is awesome
Easy to use and install!
It works!
Great 4K and faster Response
Massive upgrade
Works great
Simply amazing.
Alexa.....
Awesome substitute.
UNBELIEVABLE VALUE!!!!
THE BEST STREAMING DEVICE EVER BUILT IN OUR TIME
Love!
Constant rebooting
A Great Investment
Easy set up and use! Great price!
Disconnects from wifi even with hdmi cable ?fix?
Doesn't work with wired adapter.
2 sticks
Great for the Elderly
Much faster!
Hey look at me!
Great. Better than my first Fire Stick
Best fire stick!
Amazon Fire Stick
My daughter loves it!
Failed Me
Faster and better.
Cable TV is officially dead.!
Speech recognition works great
Use tv remote to select HDMI port used
Firestick wasn't a good choice for us
Worth it
Preferred over Apple TV
okay
You'll love the fire tv stick
Prime video is great
Wonderful addition to our RV
Great except the battery installation
Fire TV Stick 4K Dropping Wireless Network
Works Great
Great advantages for a small price
Works great
Very nice
Best upgrade ever
Stopped working
Great product
Easy to Install
Awesome product
Great product
Easy, affordable, fast downloads. Lots of.choices
Only way to watch tv!
Awesome
Much faster than previous model
Works like a charm
At my age (71) it's the ease of use.
Nice product
Fire Stick connects to the internet better.
Remote is Impossible to use
It's going to take some adjustment...
A Very good streaming device.
Easy to use
I purchased two
Will work various brand televisions. It did for me.
Works Fine
Burned out on cable bills
Easy to Use
Great upgrade from old firestick
Keep up the good work Amazon!
Great variety
Love it!
Love it
Perfect for prime users
More bang for your buck
Very Happy Customer
You have to get at least one
Great product
Volume control does not work.  I have been doing research for solution for a month.
?HOW MUCH IS IT??
Bought a second one.
Nice
Seamless streaming
I'm watching great movies
Great for $35
Should I request a new Firestick?
BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.
The volume control is the best part.
Aggravated
Works great!
Love the Alexia Voice Remote
Kind of disappointed
problem with controlling TV input and selecting A/V receiver audio input
Excelente
Easy to install and use.
Movies
Great products
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Fire stick fan
Beware you are not alone?
Very fast
Easy setup
Good Quality and Worth the Price
Easy setup
Works Great
Great quality..
SUPER simple setup and use
Best Streaming device from Amazon so far
it truly is simple to hook up  !!
Wont carry Youtube tv.
Great picture, faster.
Very easy to set up, works well.
Good set up directions in app
It replaces all other remotes to turn the TV on.
Awesome upgrades!
No good
Alexa makes it easier.
Get it Quick
HDR is wonky
Best Fire TV Stock yet
Awesome! Money Saver!
firestick
Convenient. Perfect for your laziest days
Better then the regular firestick
Slow and Freezes constantly
Best one yet
Easy setup
AMAZING + TREMENDOUS SAVINGS!
Works!
does not support mirroring
Works well
Super Fast Delivery
nice upgrade
Love this Fire Stick. I can control Shut off/Vol on my Receiver/TV/Fire Stick with the FS remote
Fast image load
Patience is a virtue for first time users. I myself had no issues since I'm a 3rd version user.
Very simple installation
EASY-PEASY
Fantastic!
Still playing with Alexa
WiFi keep dropping often - Don't buy yet.
Great value for the price
So easy to set up.
Internet required?
It's not worth the time or money
Works fine.
What a great purchase.
Alexa and My Fire Stick
Make a deal with cable
Better than expected
Great product! Even though it can be moved, I own 3, 1 for every TV.
Ease of installation
Brilliant product , stunning performance , highly recommended
You have to try it!
awesome
Great fire stick
FireStick w/Alexa is Awesome!
This was a gift for my mom.
Another leap forward...
Simple Installation
Love it!
If you don't have one of these, you are just stupid!
Awesome.
Love it.
I love the Fire Stick
Worth it!!!
Need lots of data
Simple to use!!
Easy to use and set up
Gotta love this fire stick!
So easy to use
No CC.
there product is good quality you cannot go wrong
Perfect for a bedroom TV
Updated
Love it but...
Love this Fire Stick!
Its awesome
Fast!
LOVE
love the TV volume control
Love it !!!!!!
Great Value
Better than cable
Great with new functions
There aren?t as many free channels as I understood there would be
Amazon Fire tv
Great device
Easy product to use
Requing to enter a pin number.
love the new firestick remote with volume control :)
Too hard to hook up
Really good
Easy streaming
Remote is big plus, but stick does not deliver.
Trying is believing. Amazing
Great functionality
It has a volume control on it!
Limited 4k Streaming
Worth the money.
On/Off & Volume Features are great!
Download speed is fast
Most of what I watch is free, you just need to download the apps.
Save a lot of money
Still so much to learn discover and enjoy.
Movies
Works as should
Good product.
Love it!
Fire TV Stick 4K
EASY TO GET GOING.
New volume control a big plus. Also easier to find and use close caption.
Worth buying.
Great product!
Don't know how I lived without it!
Best Fire Stick Yet.
Works properly
Righteous
It's quick
Not the best.
Pro and con
Fire TV with Alexa makes streaming services simple and fast to access.
I love it.
Switch from Roku to Fire Stick was worth it
It is ok
Must be tech savvy
Well worth the money!
Love it!
Great value!
It does what it says on the tin
Controls TV and volume over above the 4K videos that are on the internet
Makes everything so simple
Worth the money jut for the satisfaction!
Better in every way than old fire tv
Finally!!!
Amazon fire stick  or roku  ?!
Remote is better
remote won't pair
Great Product
Good for a week
Highly recommended
Much improved speed!
Wouldn?t go without my firestick!
Great product in such small factor
Excellent product for a great price.
Works great on my older Plasma Screen
Like the volume control
Great Device
Great product
Volume and power buttons are great
Very, Very Smart
Trying to figure out what?s free and what costs
Love the Firestick
Easy to use
Easy, peasy!
Too complicated to install!
Amazon fire tv stick with remote
Great Product
Great streaming device
Solved my problems.
Sweet!
Disappointed
good product- easy to install
It does not work as advertised
Has some bugs but it's okay
New updates rock!
Worth the upgrade
Fee to be me
I love it
5 stars
No longer has screen mirroring
No you tube tv
Fire stick 4k
Great remote
Love it!
love it
Another quality product from amazon.
It's not at all what I expected. My first one was better.
Much improved
Denny
What more to say
fire stick 4K
All in one tool!
Best for prime members
They work great started using them as soon as they arrived
Not every app supports the fire stick. Roku may be a better option
Firesticktv revolutionizes home television viewing!
Horrible technology
In love
It Works
Super Easy To Install Fire Stick 4K
Fire Stick
Works great and is very easy to set up.
Charger cord
Easy set up
??
The remote is great, the 4K looks great.
it works
New Viewing World
Stopped working after 6 days.
Cut the cord
Know what you are looking for
Not enough space there?s so many good apps
Love it !!
Prefect!
We Love it! Well worth it to upgrade!
No commercials.
Firestick Winner!
You want a FireStick, I promise, you really do
Excellent buy
Undated
Great deal. Works great. Alexa is cool technology.
After replacement arrived now meets - exceeds expectations
Terrible
It's Amazing
very good product
Ease of use and setup
Like my Stick
Must have
Fire Stick is all I need!
Great buy!
Love my Fire Stick!!
No mirror casting
Cheaper than Cable
works good
Changed my mind
Easy setup, super fast
to much Data Usage.
Some handy new features!
Second time a charm
Recommended!
Impressed
I love the ease of using this device!
Love the new remote!
Love These!
Battery compartment inconveniently accessible
Return
Runs quick, runs poorly
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Good
newbie
Works
Great for all ages...easy install!
Muy buenas mejoras !
I Love My Fire Stick
Easy and great price
Excellent Product
It?s amazing!
Wish I got the Roku
The remote thing just works!
Many apps and choices
Got my money?s worth!
Good buy
Mom approved
Love love love it
Controller issue
Firestick
Protection Plan
4k firestick
Wonderful Device
A Great Improvement over previous models of the fire stick.
4k firestick is faster has alot more apps and storage space IM LOVING IT
Finally one that works having gone through
Firestick rocks!
My 3rd second one.
Love it
Excellent product!
Great device for Streaming!
No, thanks.
great firestick
Dog chewed up old remote
So far - good
Easy As Can Be
Worked out great
More convenient
Easy set up & works thru a receiver
Easy to operate a Fire Tv Stick 4K with all-new Alexa....
LOve
Voice Control with Alexa!
Easy to use
Excellent!
Voice control volume on your TV? Not really
It's an Improvement
Delivered fast
A great addition
Expected a better picture
It's great
Great streamer
Excellent product
Easy to use
Opened up new worlds!
Great product - just need glow in the dark remote buttons
Great Tech
I love this product!
Easy to use
Better than the original
Nice
In my opinion it would be perfect if it have an input button for tv.
Cutting cable
complicated
Awesome picture quality!
Excellent upgrade, picture, and remote
Fire TV Stick 4k
TOO COOL!!!!!
Crap!
Can you talk to a remote? Hard for me to do.
Love it.
Prefer Roku
Even better with the new remote!
Requires high speed connection...
Still exploring all the options
works very well
Perfect
Amazon delivers on their products....
It's easy to use
Great. Product
Useless
Easy to use
crystal clear TV
Good TV edition
much improved over prior models
Muy buena calidad
Fire stick 4k
Volume button doesn't work
No decent instructions, limited free channels.
Great, but price increase kept me from purchasing another one.
FIRE
Very easy to set up and use
Works great!
Fast
Ease of use
Works o k
It's perfect...
Great Fire TV Stick 4K
Easy to use
Easy install
It just works
4K Firestick
Great New Generation FireStick
Fire Stick super easy straight out of the box
An excellent choice
Picture perfect
4k fire stick
Works great..... except
Like the volumn feature
No sound via AV Receiver
Good investment.
It is VERY easy to program!
What's not to love?
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote
Junk, does not power on properly
plenty to watch on this
First step in cutting the cord
Great device
Works great, easy to install
The best thing since cable!!
Great product and Price
User Friendly
Upgraded
Works great
Good movies
Great Alexa Voice Remote TV and Movie Streaming Media Player
Great Streaming Device
Love this Firestick!
Easy installation
Works great most of the time
Seems to work smoothly
Pretty good.
Not hard to set up
Fantastic...
Bought it to play hulu and way better than expected
Great Streaming Device
Good value for the money.
I love the new settings and features compared to the older model
Easy to use and set up.
Fast as Lightning
Terrific
No screen mirror feature.
Nice updates
fire tv stick 4k
Great streaming device
Great gauge to have!!
Love this!
GREAT FOR THE MONEY
Great addition
Fire Stick works
Fire Tv Stick
Every I expected & MORE!!!
Good.  Could Be Better
Update Now!
?Seri ?Voice Activated ?
Perfection
Love my Fire Stick!
Worth the Price to Get the New Remote
Great product!
Outstanding Product
Good buy if you have a 4k tv
Perfect.
love the voice activation
Easy peazy
Amazing player
Awesomeness
works like a charm
Works great - Has volume control
Smokin' Fast
Love it!
Alexa feature is a plus!
My dad is addicted to it
Fire stick 2019
Great product. Perfect.
Great device!
Great
Not a universal remote by any stretch of imagination
it buffer just like the regular firestick
Love it!
Best movie experience!!!
Bought 5 of these
Great purchase
Easy setup
Better than ever
So much faster!
I Love it, You'll love it. BUY IT
O Millennial machine gun language
It's just OK
Yes, this product was much better than the first Fire TV Stick I purchased.
Fanstatic
Works Great!
Getting better
Love the new remote
HOW DO I FIND SEARCH WITH PRIME///
Inexpensive copere to cable
How to correctly hook it up to your TV.
Streaming can be choppy at times
New remote is great
Loved it
most HDTVs don't have enough power from thier USB ports to power the unit properly
Fire TV stick works well.  I would recomend it.
Do the upgrade!!!!!
big improvement over previous model
works for its designed purpose
is ok
Very Pleased
works great
FIRE STICK!!!!!! Yes, Thank YOU .
Works great
The most important thing about this product is you'll love it just as I do
Great purchase!
Great product
Need WiFi
still havivg some sound issues....
Good but slowere than old one
Easy to set up
Fast and easy setup.
Should have bought this a long time ago!
??
Make the remote easier to open
Amazing money saver
To view apps on smart television.
Garbage
Love this product
great
Worth purchasing if you upgrade your video & sound
Picture too dark
Must buy
Must buy new fire tv stick! If your not already upgraded!
Super easy to set-up
Whoa, Significantly More Responsive
The best by far!!!
Great especially if you have Amazon Prime
Mostly working...
Love our ?
Works well
Works Great
Fire Stick 4K
It's awesome!
Firestick
Not happy with download speed
SO WORTH IT
very handy
Great Buy!
not worth the hassle even with the black Friday price drop
great deal
Can't be used in the Caribbean.
Fast streaming and easy installation
Upgrade
You have to find a reliable source to jailbreak.
no YouTube I sent it back I bought two that I sent them both back
Takes trial and error
4K tv stick
Nice fire stick.
Great upgrade
Awesome Fire Stick
More control of the TV. Power and volume control
It?s great it?s the bong!!
Performance volume and and on off switch
It is really pretty simple once it is set up.
You can talk to it.lol
A must for TV addict
Well Worth It
Hulu App Usage
Worked perfectly right out of the box, as advertised.
better than roku!
Almost 5 stars.
Fire Stick TV with Alexa Voice Remote
Vudu app not included with fire tv
very, very, very easy to hook up
Great improvement on an awesome item
GreaTTTTTTTT!!!
New volume and power controls!
Total remote control, vol and on off
Impressed
AFTVS 4K = SPEED
Installation was easy. The picture quality is great!
Great for one all encompassing remote
Not compatible with Fire TV Controller
No Sound
Really Nice
Fastest installation ever!
Exceeding expectations so far!
Great stick
Piece of crap.  try Roku stick possibly.
Good Gen Upgrade
fast set up reliable search
Fun
East to set up.
Love it
Great fire stick
Great buy
Great Product
Nice
Amazingly fast
Major upgrade to previous version
Easy set up
Not worth it, Constant Freezing while watching live TV
Updated TV Fire Stick
Picture quality.
Very easy to set up
All in one
Great device
Great Invention
Fast and easy
Doesn't support YouTube TV
It Works Great
Must have if you have buffering problems.
Streaming
Awesome Bit Of Kit
It?s not great personally
So far liking it
To have the hand stick work properly.
Amazing!
#NAME?
Love It!
Easy to Set Up
volum control makes a difference
Easy Setup
Nice product and easy to set up
Happy Camper
Amazing best device i ever bought
Love it
Nice upgrade
Great but needs a lanyard option
Good but not excellent
Perfect
Need another remote
Much better compared to the standard fire stick.
Works great
Awesome!!!
Best streaming device..
Useless In MEXICO
Quality and that it does what it is designed for.
Sanyo television
Best value for your dollars!!$$
Works great
Way better than my Apple TV and for less than half the price
Great item
Easy cord cutting
Awesome!
Exactly as described.
Good service, decent voice recognition
Decent but doesn?t directly respond to ?turn on? or ?turn off tv?
Another firestick!
Much improved
Just as expected
Best Fire TV device to date!
Good upgrades!
Awesome!
Fire stick 4K
Overseas MUST!
Amazon wont allow return
Complicated and lengthy navigation
I'm gonna order two more
Fast, love it
Great product
Great gift
Blazing fast.
Feeling Sad!
A great product
Easy and good!
TV fire stick 4K
Best streaming stick out there
Four Stars
It works, but not without issues.
FireStick w/4k
The Fire Stick is Hot
The Boss.
Easy to install
Nice upgrades
Love it!
New updated Firesticks are trash.
Easy setup
works great
Love it
Not really impressed.
Everything they say it is
Easy to install!!
A great bargain
Really works great with a 4K t.v
Seniors NEED MORE DIRECTIONS
TV EASE TO PLEASE TV
great, love the new features
Works great!
Awesome
Fire stick over cable
Remote SUCKS big time.
Retired and loving it
Outstanding device!
Love my Fire Stick
Love!
new as expected
It does what it supposed to
Good streaming stick for the price
Love fire stick
Don't forget to use Alexa voice features.
Ready set, action!
Won't turn off
Perfect streamer
Works great
Firestick 4k
Super Fast, Very User Friendly!
Integrates everything!
Great!
Great
So many shows to choose from.
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote
Love the Fire Stick. Money well spent.
Volume control is a big improvement
Value
Remote Could Use Some Updates
Making an older tv useful again
I expected to wait s couple days at least.
5 stars
Battery Nightmares..
POS
Good
Works great
I wish all of the Firesticks were like this one!
GREAT Picture on the TV
Powerful and easy to use !
Great Product
Best Fire TV EVER!!!
This was a great purchase. I am now purchasing one for my other television
No more Mirrior Display option
VIDEO QUALITY
Great Voice Remote
My ????Grandson is thrilled with this product.
Awesomeness
Is better than my old Roku 2
It?s great.
LOVE IT!!!
slick and easy to use
Best thing ever
Cheap and simple
Great for streaming,
Love it
Really good tool
It does what it says it does.
Thanks amazon
Fire stick 4K
Easy of use
It?s fine.just somehow limited
Voice-activated, better streaming, controls volume.
Alexa rocks!
powerful player at bargain price
Easy to set up Firestick with on screen instructions!
New model excellent.
New remote is the best!!!
Very good deal.
Easy to install and use
Love it!
Works well and a great value
.
Good streaming stick.
No screen mirroring
Voice Command Improved
Very easy install
Problems
No lighted remote.
I wouldn?t pay full price
Best Thing Ever
Very happy with easy setup and use
Really great product
Love it.
Work great, very sharp picture
HDHomeRun not working with fire stick 4K
Its easy to install
Thanks a million!!
Perfect
Defective
Love this little thing
How in hell I use it?
Very slick way to upgrade your briefing world!
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Nice streaming device.... not laggy at all.
Love this!
Only need one remote control now!
It is easier to use.
Much better response time than the first generation.
Another Firestick Purchase
The Big Stick!
Amazing Product
I LOVE THIS STICK! Not too hard and fits in your hand perfectly!
Works great!!
Much needed upgrade!
Love it
Great
Without 4K movies not worth the extra cost.
I love it!
Great to use
get it
Bought it to utilize the Fire TV Recast (DVR). If it wasn?t for the DVR, go with Apple TV
Everything
It?s ok
Great value, great streaming device!
Will buy again
Amazing!
Great equipment
Great
My "not Smart tv" is now a Smart TV!
Plug and Play
Entertainment Genuis
Best firestick ever made
watch anything anytime.
Cancelled my cable
4k fire stick, one of the best devices available
Fire TV Stick will not stream Spectrum TV like Roku and others
I love Alexa
Great Buy for the Grandkids
volume control
Not easily able to switch from channel to channel; can?t Use Alexa voice recognition
Is good item to get
Working Perfect
Only needs Internet connection.
Nothing to shout about.
So glad we bought this.
Me Liky
Easy to use and great clarity of picture.
Easy Set Up
as advertised. Easy to install and setup!
Great investment. Lots of features.
Great!
I have recommended it to all my friends. Brought one for my daughter, sister and in-law.
Great Product
Junk Device, Not supporting screen mirroring
Works Great
If you want local channels you need cable or something
Super fast!
Amazon 4k fire stick
Fire TV Stick 4K
Well worth the price
Easy set up
Great product....
Great Product
Must have
Difficult to Use! as Amazon Is Sooo Overbearing With Its Constant Nonstop Self Promotion
Awesome!
Love this fire stick.
Works Great!
Great device
Review
Dolby Vision video
Awesome Product.
It works on tvs that are not 4k
Better than the last
very nice
Great improvement to old fire tv
Don't buy this if you want to mirror devices!
Easy to use
It did what I wantwd
fire stick 4k
Great quality and value.  Highly recommend!
Best firestick ever
Great for loads of options and content.
Airplay
Works good easy to use
4k fire stick
Easy to set up and use.
So easy to set up.
Enjoying Fire Stick
Very Nice and Fast Delivery
Easy set-up
Works Great
Firestick 4k
Very cool
the best
It is not recommended for Latin America, it has many limitations
Glad I bought the Fire Stick
Great device for the price
QC really sucks.
Amazon Fire Stick
No YouTube tv
Great new product
Great for cord cutters
good
Great Item
Great!
Never again
A great investment!!
great device, but can't mirror your phone with this newer version...
Fire HD
Very easy to use!
Would not connect to Insignia Roku TV
Okay, but could be better
Easy to Use
works like a charm
I like my fire stick
easy to use
Lots of options! Never run out of things to watch
fantastic
Works well. Lacks Indicator
Well worth the money.
4K with upgrade controller for the same value as previous version
Great Convenience
New version is great
Great Streaming
So pissed off
Able to control TV on and off and also control tv volume.
Easy to install and use
my first time fire stick and also Alex so looking forward to using it thank you
its new to me
LOVE IT !!!!
Easy set up
The best 4k Stick around
No good
It works well
Better than the square FireTV
Very handy
EASY TO SET UP
A great product!
Great firestick
Love it!
Worth the money
Worth it
1 out 2 Ain?t Good
Great choice
Takes a little searching but...
Alexa's just right
easy to use
Great Product
Works as well as the device it replaced
Easy to set up and it works like a charm.
Extended our wifi
Every tv in our house has a firestick!
Got to have my fire stick
NO NETFLIX Dolby ATMOS SUPPORT?!?!?
Great Product
Happy customer
Mother in law loves it
Good product
Great device
Oneal
Great price
Pretty nice.
Full proof voice command!
Perfect
Easy to Setup
Makes TV Flicker
Great product
Love it!
A great streaming device
It works
Amazing Smart Device
Amazon echo 3thrd generation with alexa
Love it
Better than Expected
Never used it
Awesome upgrade (coming from gen 1 fire stick)
Picture quality is on point
Great per amazon usual
It doesn't freeze
Love it!
Great.
Love
Love it!
Does the job, just needs a casting capability.
So convenient
Quality is good
Finally cut the chord to cable!
Fairly easy to use
Best streaming device for the price.
This is very easy to use and st up.
Almost heaven...
Definitely and upgrade, need a bit more control with the remote
Great to control volume on TV and the voice control is great
Froze up sent back
Bought one for every tv in the house
What's on your Television?
Easy setup
Great product, price and fast shipping!
Great help with streaming
crystal clear picture
Easy to set up and I love the mute button and volume control all in one
Good remote
Should invent a better remote
Great streaming device.
Best Firestick yet
Problem
I like the voice search.
Arrived as expected
Does NOT fit all HDMI ports!
Fast and wonderful
Operates faster than regular fire stick
Review
happy !
Love it!
Volume control doesn?t work.
Fast
Freezes nonstop and requires unplugging
Movies are so clear
A Whole New World
Absolutely no buffering 4K UHD Works flawlessly
On fire with fitestick!
Amazing product
Great little gadget
Outstanding Streamng Menu
Great!
Easy to use (Sort of)
Easy
4k output is amazing
Worth the money
Great Device
Quick and Smooth
Easy to set up
great product
No audio on certain TV's
It works
It works on our non-4K tv!
I recommend it!
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Best Amazon fire tv ever!!!
Great
Love it!!
Great Product
NO 4K
Fire TV stick 4K
Very Handy
Simplemente excelente
Great product
Smart remote
Nice
A+ love it!
Cut the Cord
Toys toys toys all these electronic toys!
Limited apps
Remote not able to pair
love this!
Remote too small.
Easy To Use
Great upgrade
Love it!
super fast
Who knew?
4K Fire Stick
So far,so good
Works great out of the box
We have enjoyed it
love my Fire stick
Simple Install and Easy to Use
The Best Yet
I never look at network TV.
Whole family loves it
Great picture!
Bye bye cable. Fire tv streaming is how to watch tv now.. period.
works great
The picture is fantastic and set super easy.
Picture quality on 4K tv with hdr and new remote are great
Works OK except when viewing in 4K the video is too dark. No solution from Amazon!
Very pleased
Handy Item!
The variety
Easy to setup.
User Friendly
Easy to use.
Love it!
fire stick review
Sound and picture out of sync.
very high wifi speed
Confusing
Love It ! Works best on larger televisions.
works great
Great Firestick
Watch baseball
Fast, easy and simple to use
Easy to set up
Fire TV Stick
Fire stick
No problems.
Only  the voice activation.
Works as advertised for TV reception
Great, simple remote
Really worth the  money
Easy and simple to manage.
Fire Stick 4 K
envyTV app downloaded
This is an easy and very useful product
Best one yet
Do not support Prime Video outside USA
FirestickRules!
Voice control is perfect
Volume??
FIRESTICK FOR SENIORS
Hard to open remote
Great picture and lot's to watch.
Firestick even better than before
Nice option to allow wide choice of material
It works
Also play android apps
simple and easy
My 4th firestick
Great Product
great product
Great device
Great product
didnt work
Ok
Another winner. Adding the volume control is AWESOME!
Love My New 4K Fire Stick!
fire stick and adapter no.2
Easy to setup and use!  Excellent picture quality!!
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote,streaming media player
better than roku
Amazon's Little Kept Secret
Works great
4K stick best ever
This product is better then I had expected.
Fire Stick is on FIRE!!!!!!!
I hear that the box is 100 times better but you will pay the cost for it. Around $300 i think
Works well!
Smart tv action without having a smart tv
Constant Glitch
We are happy we got it
These things ROCK
Effective and easy
Fire TV Stick the only way too view television.
Home improvement
What i wanted
Love it
Baller
Very happy!
Alexa Be Trippin
Love my firestick
This Fire TV 4K is AWESOME
Really works.
Will buy again & again
Better than old standard Fire stick
Great product but channels do not work in Trinidad & Tobago
Wow
These things are amazing flawless for 6 months, then the issues start
Best thing I could have ever bought
Amazon Fire Stick
It delivers very clear pictures and sounds,I love alexa,I wished it worked on my regular tv.
AMAZON?S DEVELOPERS PLEASE READ
This new fire tv 4K stick is the best so far!!
Stream Dream
Has almost replaced my cable
Kind of useless still need a cable provider
Love it
Great device?
Works great
Firestick is a good value
Didnt work for me
Great for TV
I love it.
Buy One They Work Great!
Awesome 4K Stick
Got this for my philo tv. Works great. Super easy setup.
Almost perfect
Love it!
A Nice Addition...
Shuts off randomly
Easy as pie :) Actually Easier!
Great upgrade
It is in Control
Voice activated
Better add an Ethernet Adapter Cable to your order!
Great with Kodi
Great buy!
Great
Love this fire stick
Great features on the remote!
Worth every penny!!
Works well
Its ok
AMAZING!
Expanded viewing options
Works great
The option of speaking (Alexia)
Works perfectly.
Great Deal
We love it!
works great
Love it!
Firestick is flexible and works as advertised.
Love it
Defective Controller
Great option to stream
Power at your fingertips
Easy set up
Love it
Love
Good
Works great
Quality is well above the cost
Works as expected.
Amazon is on fire
What I expected
WORKS GREAT
Fire TV Stick
Fire stick 4 K
Fire TV is terrific
Excellent
Easy Installation
Better Than Before
WORKS WELL.  GREAT PICTURE
Good buy!
Excellent product
very happy
Fantastic!
It Works Exceptionally well!
Great Upgrade
Love this fire stick!
Easy to set up
Great product!
Great Deal
Impossible to open the remote to put the batteries in it
They could fix it if they wanted to.
Great update
Awesome product
it works great
Love it
Love my firestick.
Working to eliminate Cox TV.
Easy to use
Recommended
Also works on old TV?s
Love it ???
Fire Stick 4K
Great Picture
Cool device!
4K stick stopped working
Fire stick 4K
Greatest thing every.
Fires TV Stick 4K -- A Winner
Great streaming device
Amazing
NEEDS LARGER 2 AMP USB POWER SUPPLY
Works Great / Fire TV Stick 4K
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice
Love it
Good flexibility and performance
Always a Winner.
Superb Streaming device with Alexa voice Assistant
Doesn't replace anything or do anything new
Storage Space
Options options, options!
Save Money
its great to unlock the firestick 4k
New and Improved
Love the new features
Fast
Buying another
waste of money
It works well with your TV.
Firestick 4k is amazing!
Fire tv stick
Disappointed
Firestick 4K
New remote
Make sure you have someone who knows what their doing to install it, I did....
Husband LOVES his new 4K Firestick with Alexa voice remote
Intuitive Functionality; Love the Voice Control Remote
Cut the cord!!
Very easy to program.
Excellent!
Alexa!!! Do what I tell ya!!
Awesome!!!!
Faster
Small thing gives biger picture
Great item!
SIMPLIFY
Amazing quality.
Perfect Gift
Fair price
Remotes suck!!!
Hey one
Picture quality is great! Easy to handle.
Much faster than its predecessors
LOVE IT!
Good upgrade. Works good.
Great product
Nice!
It's about time. Upgrade from Pendant
It?s okay for us
4K Fire TV Stick
Easy hook up
Fast Surfing
so simple to set up
Opening the remote to install battries
Should buy one for each TV in the house.
So  far, so good!
Good but needs a little polish to be great
No more buffering!
Excellent
Easy to Use!
Awesome! Great Buy
Easy to use
Went back to 2nd Gen Box
Great?
love it
Thicker remote
Minor issue
great price
Great buy
Amazon Fire TV 4K stick
So much faster TV viewing without buffering!
Good product, good price.
Unbelievably
Fair Price
I will buy more LOVE IT
Love it.!
Easy install.
It's a good deal.
delivery problem.
Fire TV Stick
I watch all cable tv channels for free
I Love this version
Cut the Cord
Awesome
The New Fire TV 4K
Awesome
Amazingly good
Great product. Seamless interface
It is a good purchase
Works well
item works good
Much faster than old one
Volume and power button
Great product
A must have!
This works awesome!
Happy
Another great FireTV product
Awesome Device
What are you waiting for?
Awesome device
User friendly
Memory
Freezes sometimes
Hard to set up
Great product
Great product.
Happy User
my new favorite streaming stick
Fire Stick Rocks
Works great for me!
No on the Firestick.
Minor gripes but happy with this iteration
Superfast, but...
having trouble setting up and decided to waite for some time
FIRE STICK
Upgrade surprise!
Rocking the 4K
BUY IT
Streaming Made Easy!!
Todays technology
Works
Not happy with it at all returned it
Ease of use
Pleased
Great buy!
I like it no problem
Should allow unlimited purchase.
Wish I had gotten this sooner
Works great.
I love the new remote
Five Stars
Worth the money
Quick/Easy Streaming
Very bad quality
luv the fire stick but..
Fire TV stick
Excelente compra.
Lives up to the hype
??
To complicated to operate
Picture is so clear!!
Dont see difference
awesome product
Great product and fast shipping
the only way to go
Works quickly!
Remote problem
Recommend
Product doesn?t last don?t buy
Opened up so much for me and my husband.
Faster than the 2nd gen TV Stick. So its much better. And volume!!!
firestick is great
Cheaper tv is possible!
Convienent
Great Gifts
Great new features on this model.
Very fast with almost no buffering.
Duh! Is an Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K.
Working exactly as expected.
Life changing
The Amazon Fire stick :)
Great now I have HBO
5/5!!
Very powerful
great product
"Cut Cable Now"
Great picture easy to set up
Much better than the Android boxes.
Poor connectivity
What a deal! Thank you Amazon
Better Streaming than the Previous Generation
Nice work
So much better than previous firesticks!
Mighty little stick and Alexa is really a plus.
Great Product!
Great streaming device. Has many apps, and can handle multiple formats.
Fire Stick
Great
Awesome product!
Perfect little stick.
Best yet
Good option
Works great
Great remote
Useful and versatile
Overall Great Product. Five Stars.
At $35, nothing gives you better value for streaming!
Buy it! It?s great!
Failed!
Great product
Try the Firestick
Love it
Worked
Thee best !
Superb Performance
Awesome value!
Novice Buyer
Easy set up
Flimsy and Not Reliable
Easy to install and to use
Great with LCD TV!
Wonderfully easy
4 star
Useful
Good
Great Fire TV stick for the price
Loves it has volume control on the remote
Easy to set up!
Loved it
Good selection of movies.
Great device
Definitely a must
Alternative to a Smart TV or OTHER SMART DEVICES
Still in the learning curve
Stick's a Hit!
Amazing Device
Worth upgrading.
Easy setup
Fire stick is fire! ? ? ?
Price went down the day after i got it?
SUCKS DONT BUY THIS!
Not as cool as I?d hoped
Super easy to use
expensive product to own
how it works
Fire TV Stick 4K
Best Fire Tv Yet!
the device may not manage cable boxes
Verbal not manual.
LOVE IT
Easy to use.
Will not work to download Xfinity app
Easy installation and faster than old stick.
Screen
No big improvements
Supposed to be two  four 39:99
It's Perfect
easy to set up and use
Awesome i can watch all my fav apps on my older tv
If you have an audio receiver.
Better than the older ones
Very pleased
Save your money$ and buy the original (same thing)
I have smart TVs, but carry a big stick
Perfect
Works well.
All new Alexa Voice Remote
Easy to navigate
Good Upgrade
Easy to istall and use
Love it!
Better than Roku and PS4 for streaming
Great Upgrade!
Easy to use, great for streaming
For those who uaed to connect directly to YouTube is not much of a difference
Not completely sure
Worth the money
Great poduct
Love the volume function
Subscriptions started without my authorization
Love it!
Love this firestick.
Updated and wonderful
Buy it
Cable alternatives
All the good movies.  I may drop HBO.
No Youtube
Remote only
works wthout a hitch
Fire stick
Fire tv is disappointing
Great
I love this product!
Good value...
I think I like it more than the Roku
Works great
Excellent Value!!
Great
I like the built in Alexa
Volume Control
User Friendly
Works as expected
good product
No device mirroring
I like it
Love it
excellant
It works great!
So many choices for TV I want!
Husband loves it!!!
Wont connect to the internet.
Go wireless
Firestick
Can?t go wrong with firestick
Small and mighty
Everything at the sound of your voice.
Good
Next generation
FireStick 4k
superb video quality
I really like it!
Disappointed
Love it
Perfect for Prime Access...
It's good
The best FireStick so far....
It won?t work in certain locations
HD unit is very different from orginal units.
Thumbs way up
Awesome
Epic
Fire tv 4 k
It's a Firestick
impressive video quality
Easy to Use
Does not support the best TV streaming service, utube tv
Easy to install and use!
Works great
Fast delivery!
Excellent streaming device
U won?t find any free 4K movies
As expected
Way more power
Better Model
More apps than smart tv
Great product! Compliments my UHD tv well!
Easy to install.
Money saver
Excellent
Image too dark
great product for old tv sets,
Does not play You Tube Tv!
Great product
works great
Glorified Roku
I love this thing!
Im really not one to ask.
Fast but missing what I wanted
Love it
Not too happy with the 4k
Not an authentic firestick
no cable
Much improved, faster!
Fire tv better but Amazon free video is for under 12 yrs didn't know that many bad cartoons existed.
The best firestick for under $50
Works well.
4K Fire Stick
Go Firestick!
Good design, is as described.
Wonderful!
Does not work with all cable providers
Bbbbllluurr stick'em
To small
Great TV stick. Alexa is very convenient.
Makes a stupid TV smarter.
Fantastic device
Easy to use
Great remote
Hot item
Awsome 4k stick.
Great Product
Great Purchase
Magnifico
works well
Love it!
It looks good my
Fast
Best stream device period
Good system
Meh....
works fine
Works Great
You need this because smart TVs are so dumb
Fire Stick
Big upgrade
Fantastic, better than Chromecast
Great picture, quite easy to use!
It was very easy to install
Great new features with controller
Love It
Quality
Best!  Love AMAZON Video!!
much better than older one
Easy to use!
Great product
El mejor dispositivo
Some channels would be nice
Gave as gift
Love the Fire Stick 4K
Fire tv 4k
Fantastic Fire Stick!
Always a pleasure
The best remote just got better
Great
Easy to set up.
4K firestick rocks!
Pago atrasado de la Memoria de Fire Stick
Best streaming device.
Love the volume on new controller
Your TV need to have multiple HDMI ports if you don?t want to keep switching cords around.
Stopped working
Alexa?s voice commands for Fire stick
Who Doesn't Like Saving Money
Added volume control
Love
great unit
Fire TV Stick 4K with all-new Alexa Voice Remote, streaming media player
Great Product
4k TV Samsung
Great gift
It?s easy to use!!
great product the seller deliver
Great
Had to return, still waiting for my refund
Ease of use and reliability.
Fire stick
Downloading Prime Videos and lots of other great apps.
Amazon Fire TV Stick
Easy To Use
Not impressed
Fast, Fast, Fast
Got It!
Wow
WiFi doesn?t connect
Works well.
Great Streaming Entertainment
Ausome picture quality
It works very well
Must buy
Best tv stick for my money
Good Buy
Works correctly
Love the fire stick
Many programs & movies
One of the best streaming devices around.
Much better speed than the original
MUCH BETTER THEN LAST ONE I BOUGHT A BIT CHEAPER
Works as advertised clear picture
Works but has issues
What the previous gen. should have been
You want headlines, buy a corduroy pillow
Excellent!
User Unfriendly
Power button !!
Alexa
Love it.
Awesome hardware for awesome price
2 firesticks. Works well. 1 remote has a goofy button.
Fire sticks are an awesome way to get the movies/shows you want
Fire Stick 4k is Awesome
Extremely easy to install and use
Fire tv stick is a waste of money
Exactly as described
Stream tv.
Quality and simplicity of it
Great Product!!!
Love it
Way faster start up and loading of apps with the new fire stick
Wish I got it earlier
I love it!
wow!
Great
Great update
Works great
Search my New Fire Tv wont load
Vast Improvement
Easy Setup!
Great video terrible search
Faster w/4K streams now!
Love
So easy to install and use
Happy
The best fire stick yet
Amazon Fire Stick - WOW!
Fire TV Stick 4 K
Started bad. Hopefully the replacement does it right
So easy to set up if bought from Amazon
You can't go wrong
Excellent upgrade
Love the New Remote
Yes!
Better
A Great Buy
Works good
great item
May require occasional restarting.
Great product
Doesn?t turn on
MOVIES MOVIES MOVIES
Garbage
Awesome
Enjoyed by the whole family
Supurp product
Great Media Device
Not much of an upgrade...
Buy one you will like it
Love this Fire stick
easy to navigate
Easy to Use, great image quality!
Not Atmos compatible.
Outstanding Ability to Stream Everything
Easy to work
Best purchase out there.
Newest version has Volume control!
HDTV Streaming in minutes
Volume Control!
PS Vue issues ?
I Love my Firestick
Love It!
Awesome picture quality!!!
Fire Stick 4K works wonders
Good Product
Hard to beat
Easy in all aspects
easy to use
Volume control
Great hit!
New features
No live sports. All the movies you can ask for
Works for me...
Great most of the time.
Remote
Works great.
To use a Fire Stick on your TV you must have an HDMI connection on your TV.
Buen produto
Awesome picture quality for 4k & older tvs
Easy
Awesome Stick
Works great!
Connection difficulties. New adapter should be distributed free of charge
Fire TVStick 4K
Great product
Nice cover
It?s great
Slower than the second generation
If need to buy I will buy again
Great buy
How to open
Worked great for me
4K rocks
Don?t
Best streaming device EVER!!!
Pretty convenient and good price
LOve this
This product really works.
So easy to use!
Works great
Massive improvement over the original fire stick
Cost more then I expected
4 K . Nice
Cut the cable
Love it!
firestick
Great streaming stick
It's ok
Ease of connection and use!!!
Awesome product!!!
The best streaming device
Better than the last I had.
What can I watch now
Remote is not user friendly
This is a very good improvement, it let me ditch the extra remotes!
Great remote device
Simple Installation, High Quality Video, Fast Response
Awsome
Thanks for your great service
another great amazon product
Returned the firestick
Great Device!
Good product
Great device!
Best fire stick
Easy to use.
Love it!
Fire stick
not bad
Love this
Best product for streaming tv. I like it so much I bought 4.
Fire TV Stick 4K
Love mine so I bought on as a gift
Makes streaming so easy
Great price
Consistently good use
Easy to hook up and work with!! And Alexa is great!!
This thing is fast!!
FireStick Remote and Alexa  features
Nice deal
Easy to setup
It?s easy to use
Remote is shorter so u will need a different skin.
Shop with your TV
Dissappointed
What's great
A
Does not work half the time.
Excellent upgrade
Stops paying for cable in bedroom
Awesome product
Love it!
I really don?t understand all of the negative reviews.
Sleek and capable streaming device. VERY FAST!
Hindsight is better than foresight;
Why did I wait so long to buy this?
my favorite streamer
Ok android box
4k receiver needed for 5.1 in Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Prime
This is without a doubt the best 4k streaming device out right now
Simply the best android box out there.
No HDMI Cable?  Is somebody kidding ????
King of the Cord Cutter's Living Room
More than rather good! Shield vs Xbone vs Roku stick
Best streamer I currently have
Overrated, Lags and Spam....
Its amazing, very fast and 4K looks great on it
Great and easy to use!
.....proprietary power cable....that was dead on arrival...W.T.F
FANTASTIC =)
Blazing fast device that supports most streaming services and PC game streaming.
Batteries should last more than 2 months!
This is the best streaming media box out there...period!
Remote and Plex issues
Works for online streaming, Works for TV DVR HD Home Run if external HDD is formatted NTFS
Best streaming device you can buy
Could Be so Much Better
THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE WORLD
Less than a year later, it died. Great Job. I'd pay more to not have this happen.
This box has the processing power to stream uhd hdr movies to your tv with ease
Don't expect stable network connectivity.
Great idea as a gaming systme, horrible implementation - spend a few extra $$ and get something else
My current go-to home theater TV box - the most powerful device on the market
Great media player for Netflix and Kodi
It's great, but sometimes I just didn't want to hastle ...
Bad battery quality
This review focuses on Plex (why I bought it)
TOTALLY worth the money!
Great product. Love it
Do not purchase this if you are wanting a simple multimedia system.
Best Android box that exists, but not quite perfect.
Forever in Beta Product
Hands down, best bang for your buck.
Pros & Cons
No more need to change hdmi sources
Mixed Feelings
If you want good customer service .. forget about it!!
This thing lives up to Nvidia's claim: the best 4K streaming box
Not bad!
Almost perfect.
The best streaming box on the market, shipped with the worst remote ever made.
I flippin LOVE the Nvidia Shield TV
I now have three of Shields Here's Why.
Skips frames when processing Netflix Video
Fantastic streaming decice and a decent stand in as a game console
Best TV Box out there by far.
Cut the cord with the Shield, never looking back.
fantastic piece of home entertainment tech with some flaws
For Those Who Plan to Use This as a PLEX Client...READ FIRST!
I hate this thing.
First Impressions: Ultimate Gamer's Streamer
It's as good as everyone says it is
No IR Control
Performs well with value added features
Totally Worth It.
outstanding!
Mixed Feelings
Works great. Very few issues.
For me, that it's able to do plex AND DOLBY ATMOS
I think this is the best streaming box you can buy
Pretty overhyped, first time user here! Was very excited at first.
Really like it but not perfect
The best streamer..as long as you don't have anything else on your network
Please read.
It works waaaaaaaay better than a Roku Ultra
I bought this skeptically, but I have been more than pleased
External Storage doesn't mount and poor customer care
Worked for 5-Months, now stone cold Dead
Better than any other streamers I have tried, but still has room for improvement.
Great idea, horrible execution
Cannot install Smartthings LINK App from play store
Very powerful but very unstable streaming device
Used unit sold as new
Fantastic Streaming Box, Can Do So Much!
What more can you ask for.
great product!
Best streaming device currently on the market
Didn't Pass The Wife Test...
Android TV and full-on console in 1, with a flawed controller for gamers
Perfect fit for my needs.
Dead batteries
but the biggest problem is the remote it is terrible, I don't even use it anymore
Bought this as a gift. I can't get over AndroidTV limitations returned one I bought prior
The best android TV box on the market.
My favorite streaming device by miles. Great for gaming, music, streaming, etc
It's awesome . I love it
Not for Hulu Users!
Great device, wish I had gotten it sooner
Probably the best Amazon purchase I've made
I don't know what took me so long
Remote replaced by Nvidia, otherwise great box.
GREAT Streaming Device!
You Can Order This With your Eyes Closed!  No Buyers Remorse Concerns.
Best streaming box hands down, now let's talk about emulation!
Better than just Chromecast
Great little Kodi box for all your 4K needs
The Best Smart TV if it allowed me Dual Bluetooth Pairing :(
Worth Every Penny! Best Media Device!
Wish was cheaper but if you can afford and want gaming and HD streaming on all apps it's got it!
Powerful, Flexible, Good unit overall
This is the ultimate Android set top box around hands down!
Nvidia Shield TV not so good
Great unit but customer support is non-existent.
Hands down best streaming box on the market, 10/10
Gen 2 is pretty nice
2019 Review of The Shield
A good TV streaming device
Great unit. I highly recommend it
Excellent device. Make sure to install the steam link ...
Best media player I've owned
Video playback is beautiful & super smooth.  Plus it plays ANYTHING!
Best Android Box!
Replaced my Plex server
It wont replace my Roku Ultra
Get it only if you need a beefy streamer
Mostly impressed.
Beats NUC as 4K media player hands down- as long as you can live without universal remote control
With all the hype but disappointed
Best Android TV and possibly streaming device on the market
Probably the Best Streamer Currently Available
Works flawlessly with all the apps I use on it.
Not Perfect But Consider This...
Great hardware but Android Grrr
If you use an Xbox/PS4 for media, Read This.
By far the best streaming box out there.
I seriously created a monster (in myself)...
Great Anndroid box.
The Only Worthy Streaming Box
Excellent Streaming with no buffering!!!!
After using it for about four months, I'd never buy another!
Best Streaming Box I Own
too much hype
Best Streaming Media Player - Remote Could be Designed a Bit Better
Pretty darn cool
A bit pricey but worth it.
GREAT Plex server
Best media player with only one real drawback
Almost lasted 2 years.
The Best streaming media EVER
A true upgradeable google android tv
Inferior to predecessor, controller was DOA, nVidia support was horrible
Simply the best!
Better than ROKU
8tb USB Corrupted
Best streaming device by a mile
Nvidia Shield went from best to worst after recent updates beware.
Don't believe the hype, over priced
worth every penny for a cord cutter!
Sling TV runs good, Prime Video and Netflix also good. Great Streaming player. Remote isn't great.
Great Product
Great streaming player and a good gaming machine.
Fantastic
The best Android TV box out there.
Remote is TERRIBLE
Excellent device
The BEST
Best media player, period.
Perfect, performs exactly as advertised, great customer support
Terrible software, Plex problems, worst remote I have ever used
Solid Android TV box
Game changer for cord cutters
Best streaming machine for hdr 4k
There?s no comparison
Still the best android TV for gamers
You will love it.
Love it!
Forced updates of the "SHIELD Experience" can ruin your experience
meh unimpressed
Great for streaming but didnt last long
Great for 4k content.
Value for money. Good performance.
Great streamer, remote is so-so
Great Streamer but  Expensive with Game Controller Issues
Worst customer service known to man
Rolls Royce of Streaming Machines
Nvidia shield is a great entertainment hardware!
The gold standard for streaming boxes
Superior to built-in Smart TV streaming
Fastest Android TV OS box available, but not perfect.
The WiFi has been an issue.  Had to hard wire it.
Amazing for my usage.
Over hyped paper weight
Cross between a phone and a PC, perfect for the bedroom.
Google Ads: check, Nvidia promos: check, Games: uhhhh
It's Great, but for the price...
This thing is perfect so far and has exceeded my expectations
Excellent Android TV/Game streaming system. Issue with controller from day 1
Doesn't need power converter for AUSTRALIA
Green Mean Streaming Machine
PLEX Server runs well for limited users
Best on the market!
Fast, powerful, lots of features. Best streaming device on the market.
Use it all the time!
The best streamer for so many reasons
Awesome Streamer!!! 5'o el star'o!!!
Why bother with the game controller?
Head over shields in love with this thing
Best Android TV box available even though the remote is annoying
the Cadillac of streamers
We love our Shield!
Where's the friggin' on/off switch !!??
Superior
Can't stream anything. Do not buy
Bluetooth audio : an added bonus
Best streaming device period
Best media streaming device
This is one of the best TV boxes in the market
Play store very limited. Must side load and learn quite a bit. I do not find it user friendly.
The Real Thing
Great hardware, but android tv is bechine the times ...
A must have device
Versatile, worth the price
best ANdroid TV device
Expensive but works good.
Remote is laggy, but the controller is lag free.
Great producs, but fragile with limited support in all countries
Shuts down some times
Great with a couple flaws
yes this is gaming andoid box but have 1 problem
Remote lag issues
GeForce now + Steam streaming FTW
The image quality is Sub par compared to the Fire TV
Great media and PC game streamer! An Emulator powerhouse.
Nice device
Once you go Shield you'll never go back
Best out there for streaming
Save up an extra fifty bucks and get the best of the best
Incredible Little Device
Great device didn't last long...
From a CORD CUTTER
Exceeded my expectations.
Cool futuristic design, Upgradeable and Versatile
Greatest Droid box ever
Best streaming device out there!
Yes, it worthy upgrade from any chinese android box
Good system. Runs Kodi well
This has to be the BEST!
WORTH IT!
Probably the best streamer on the market
Quick and Snappy Box For Streaming From Apps and Built-in Google Chromecast
Great Streaming box.
Great hardware ... No ON/OFF button. Volume control is horrible.
Best streaming player made!
I'm so glad I got it
They hype is true!  Get one!
Worst remote control ever.
Worth Every Penny.
Hands down, the best home entertainment device
Really Good Buy
Great unit.
Best ever, just missing a good web browser
Wait for a better update.
Good versatile streaming media player
Awesome product, I have the 2015 model since last ...
Wow factor!!
Excellent streamer, game and media box
Excellent device, but takes time to setup
Loved our NVIDIA Shield TV so much, I bought a second unit
Proprietary power adapter, DON'T BUY IT
Excellent option for gaming away from your PC
Best Streaming device for cable cutters
NVIDIA SHIELD TV is good, but I think it is overpriced !
not bad but not awesome
I have 2 and they are great!
I received mines March 2017 and love it. But now
Great product, terrible packaging from Amazon
Great system.
Loads fast and no apparent problems so far
Steam Link vs Shield TV - Comparing Values
Awesome box
BEST STREAMING DEVICE EVER
Go big or go home
Still a great Android TV box
Best streaming device ever
Exactly what I wanted in a streaming device.
Forget the rest! Buy the best!!
IPTV
Paid for new Item, received opened item
Everything the manufacturer claims is true. Excellent unit.
The best
Wish I knew about these sooner
Rowan Brennan
Disappointing SMB Connectivity
The box 5 stars the remote 3
This is a great streamer - I also use in teh house a ...
One Star
Great streaming device!
You can play pc games on this using a Nvidia Tesla gpu! INSANE
Contollers are pure junk
It's the best and it's groundbreaking. Amazing for streaming high-res multichannel audio and gaming.
DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT RELIABLE WIFI STREAMING!!!
Very nice and snappy
Best streaming device on the market
Dead after 6 months, buy an Apple TV 4K
My best buy of 2018
Works great with Plex
A bit more expensive but worth it
Amazing little box
best streamer in the market
Powerful but glitchy
setup Netflix/Amazon was easy and formatted the 128MB USB 3
Great device
We have a smart TV so didn't really need a "fancy" streaming device ...
Included small remote not nearly as good as first generation purchased remote
Better streaming device than most
Works great only issue is Nvidea is forces you to use ...
Best streaming box yet but missing some small things
This is easily one of the best purchased I have made in my life.
Love this. Totally transformed the way I watch tv
Great product, but the remote though...
OMG, don't hesitate to get one.
Great server
Best android box ever!!!
Powerfull Box
May have to return. Very disappointed.
Rocky start
This is the best android streaming box on the market
Best purchase I have made in in years.
Stick with Firestick for simplicity
Poderoso
Does many things, but nothing well
A great Device
Plex doesnt work.
NVIDIA SHIELD is the only way to go if you ...
Great product, but has started to break
Best box ever
Over priced junk.
Awesome
Love this device... it's TINY!
Compact, stealth, no fan noise with high performance ...
This is by far the BEST Android Box EVER!!!!
NVIDIA SHILD (:ANDROID??
Still the best and most supported Android TV box.
Smart TV Boxes simply don't get any Better than This.
Highly recommend this streaming media player.
because volume control via CEC sometimes lags and annoyingly jumps. Gamepad needs a throne - it doesn't have ...
I LOVE IT !!!
The best set-top box.
Definitely worth the price!
Not the full google play store
Beautiful GUI and versatility
Bad timing.
Great streaming device
Nvidia Shield Tech Support
Great for streaming PC games...
Frequent WiFi connectivity issues make device unusable
The remote feels nicely done too
Best-in-class Streaming Media Player + Android TV
ATMOS Pass-through!
Great box
The Best Android TV Set Top Box Out There
Very happy
Great Product, Skeptical Company
Very good, but if want to play games, DON'T buy the version with game controller
Superior machine.
Horrible remote. Otherwise awesome device.
Best android tv that I don?t like to use.
Using it to play 4k content from my media server ...
just plain works with 4k
Really good media player with strong gaming capabilites
Amazing video and audio output
Burn out issue
Must have device for streaming
Push hard on the power cord if you have problems
Powerful streamer with too many dealbreaker flaws
I love this thing
Best Android TV box around.
Stop paying that huge cable bill, cut the cord.
great android TV box
Turns off by itself
Bye bye firestick
ANDROID WORLD TITLE HOLDER!!!
Superb Device!
Best streaming device !
Good quality hardware, poor quality apps.
The Wife is not appreciative.
I ditched Roku and Fire TV with no regrets.
They are first in everything streaming!
There's a reason why this is the absolute best Android TV
Great Product
nVIDIA SHIELD TV just became our new media rendering device for media streamed  from our Synology DS216play NAS. Great.
Best Android TV device
Awesome performance
What a Merry Christmas it is!
Remote Not Working after Less than 1 Year
Best Streamer in Existence
Awful compared to the previous version. Completely useless for games.
I have an original shield and love it. My brother purchase then newer 2017 and ...
Excellent product, great buy!!
Excellent quality
Perfection
The best media box, nothing comes close.
AWESOME DEVICE. BUY IT!
NVIDIA SHIELD!
the best streaming media player available
Easy operation,  great for gaming and streaming
Best hardware
Its a low power Plex Server that works flawless
LOVE IT,,,,,
The Best of Any Streamers, Especially If You Love Gaming
Chromecast too!!
Multi-use Home Theater/Gaming System
Excellent product
Does NOT do 4K at 60Hz
Cable? Broadcast? My life is better without them!
Improvement over SmartTV OS
False advertising never received the product
Great product, let down slightly by a poor remote
Very good video playback
Headed back to Amazon
The reviews are right, this is the one box you will want...
First one was a lemon, second one is a gem...so far
WOW, I am impressed. Great Product, Still the BEST!
What are you waiting for? GET IT!!!
Without a doubt the best streamer I?ve owned
Pricey but worth it if you want more than jist a TV box
This is the perfect download toy
works way better than having firestick
Great for anyone wanting an all encompassing set-top box. Great for cord-cutting gamers
but the box works like a champ
This works great and is reliable
Perfect Cord cutter solution
A disappointment
BEST EVER
Best android TV and game streaming device.
Dead unit after 7.2.2 update!
Great device awful accesories
Great when it works
Hands down the best streaming device available on the market
Fastest media player
Don't buy if you're an OCD gamer
Great steamer
just feel like the info on the Plex and Nvidia sites is ...
Simply the Best Android TV Experience
this is currently the best android media center on the market
So close to being great.
Fast and powerful
Best tv box, nothing comes close!
The Android software and the remote suck.
Now I know why the guy recommended this unit rather than the hundreds of cheaper options
Will not allow software to be loaded
Still the product is good compared to Apple
The best Android TV experience, bar none.
very good quality product
excellent product.
Works very well
Best media player by far
A good Streamer of Games and Video
Best streamer there is no question
Best Streaming box!
Big disappointment.
THE BEST STREAMER TO DATE!
Awesome streaming device!
Own 2 and love them both.
Solid streamer.
Nvidia Shield is a Winner!
I am so happy with this thing
se friza y jugando saca a uno del juego
Best Media Streamer for 2018
Great for games, NOT for PLEX
Fantastic All-In-One System.
Best streaming device on the market
The best!!!
The best android TV in market, however......
This thing is AMAZING !
Awesome device
Best Android TV box to date... With gaming as a total bonus
Excellent Gaming system
Works perfectly but beware the HDR support for games
Ditch the ROKU, get this instead.
Expensive, but worth it.
Definitely one of the best streaming media player!
Holy crap buy this thing
If you want the best TV box. Buy Nvidia Shield.
This thing is awesome! I purchased the FireTV first
A Great Streaming Device
Best in class.
Excellent and simple to use machine that integrates seamlessly with ...
works great! It will rarely disconnect in the middle of ...
Nvidia Shield TV
Works perfectly
Shield
Best Media Player on the Market
Best steaming box Ever!
Love it
Great for 4K!
Best streamer you can buy
Not a happy customer
Replaced other entertainment sources.
the right joy stick becomes the mouse
but absolutely the best Android TV box I've tried
Android Oreo 8.0 Sucks for me, ruins very good box with max hardware support.
Cool, but too flawed for daily use
Best of the Best
Amazing!!
FAST, closest to a cable box ,but does so much more. No regrets buying this one.
Using for IPTV - look that! Running 4K iptv in great UH resolution!
Dead batteries in a new remote WTF?
Best I have owned
I wouldn't recommend this product if you own a projector that only ...
It is the best one out there
It's a beast!
Great product
Four Stars
Worth every penny
Great box but remote doesn't work
Nvidia Excellence
The only box that?ll play all 4k, high bitrate, hdr, hd audio files natively 0 buffering. Android tv....complete garbage.
Only issue is the sound stops working on apps from ...
It performed well for one week. then the remote ...
Great device and perfect if you are a plex user
Downgrade from 2015 version
Best streaming box on the market
Great streaming box
Overall good product but the remote has a lag that doesn't ...
Best android streaming box!
Much better than expected; very fast and YouTube videos work extremely well.
Really fast
The Nvidia Shield is the best streaming devices
Seems to play anything
Got it a few days ago and love it so far
Great at retro emulators, even better with plex and a hdhomerun tuner
Nvidia shield... Small powerful and full of surprises.
Fantastic performance
great while it lasted
Outstanding HDR 4K Android Box
This thing is awesome! Fairly nice game selection but would like to ...
Batters dead in remote looks like was previously opened
Amazing device
Nothing short of Amazing!
I love this box.
Hidden Gem
nvidia shield tv is great product
Bad output
Best Android TV I Know
As described
The beat Streamer + games!
Perfect Product
Sleek
As happy with this as my Roku Ultra
it's a shield
Fast, reliable, great picture and no laggy apps.
Super Streaming box with plenty of extras!
Terrible remote lag makes it frustrating to use.
Greatness.
How to be happy without cable tv.
Number One Android Streaming and Gaming Device
Perfect for streaming games from your PC to the living room.
Dude!!!!! This is awesome!!
great for kodi
Five Stars
but it's promoted as if it can easily replace your other units
Great piece of hardware and software
Excellent media box
Fantastic bundle for a reasenable price!
Hello Shield goodbye other streaming devices
Best product in the smart TV/ android TV realm
Go for the top, hands down one of the best android boxes out there
Great device but could be more user friendly.
Remote or shield often hangs for several seconds
Do not buy if you plan on streaming your own video from local NAS.
The best android tv device made ever!
Absolutely fantastic streamer. Literally the best streaming experience on every ...
Five Stars
Worth every penny because ...
Good media console. Not going to replace XB or PS
Best android platform streaming device
i love this. great for when your tired of watching ...
ONe of the best media players in the market
Marvelous
Just an Ok Android Device
A perfect cord cutter device!
Worth the Money!!
Best Android TV device
THIS THING IS SWEET!!!!!
the BEST streaming box for your HD/4K TV
Works great! Awesome upgrade from the nexus player I had ...
Operating System Always Upgrades
Lightning fast.
Great Android TV, fine for free gaming, terrible at streaming your games.
Best Streaming Device
The box is awesome and Powerful but the controllers really suck
Great streamer for gamers
Three months of use and my Nvidia Shield stopped working!!!!!
For Kodi, Get this!!  Save yourself headaches with other boxes.
So glad I bought the shield TV
Recommend. I love it
LOVE the Interface
I'm loving it!!!
Best in class, hands down.
DON'T UPGRADE THE REMOTE TO VERSION 1.15
Best android tv
Perfect except for the remotes.
I completely recommend this product not only for the games
Still the Best Android TV box, after nearly 4 years....
Best TV streamer
Nvidia shield TV non pro
Great for gamers, but not for the average streamer.
WIfi connectivity is poor. Ran all updates
Excellent unit, this is the one to beat.
Great for media streaming
Above and beyond expectations.
#1 Android TV box
Fantastic Little Streaming Box...
I am glad because this baby is faster and more stable
It's the best thing ever I use it every day as my ...
this is the best movie streamer I have ever seen hands down
Bech tech purchase I've made in a long while!
Believe the Hype
Five Stars
Great streamer remote sucks microphone in it doesn't work.
Comparable functionality for much less money using alternatives.
Good but not great
Not worth the money
Awesome. Super fast and easy to use
Best streaming box out there forget the rest
Great Media Box
GOOD GRAPHICS
Amazing speed! Fastest streaming device around.
Overall good experience
Shield Upgrade
Media+gaming compact.
This is the fastest streaming player I have used. ...
I've had my NVIDIA Shield less than a year and the latest update killed it.
Worth the price!
A true streamer for any gamer
Works well!
worth every penny and more
One of the best purchases on Amazon
Whats not to love.
Clearly the best Android TV set box
Worth every penny...
By far the best
Best...ever
Major Audio Bugs
This is the best of the best if you know how to use ...
The only thing I really wanted this for was to ...
loving this thing its much better then the Firestick
The only device for 4K HDR+WCG Netflix and Amazon Prime for Sony 4K Projector
Still King of Streaming device
best streaming device ever
Best Android TV device I've tried, by a long shot
ALL THAT GLITTERS AIN'T GOLD
Versatile streaming
Mainly used for 4k local streaming and high fidelity music
The best streaming video player is still the best
Remote problems
No SD card slot on this model.
Absolutely fabulous
DO NOT APPLY THE UPGRADE
I love how fast the Nvidia Shield is
high specs streaming device
Best android tv box
Absolutly amazing
Best Android TV box out there
A do it all media player!
Great value and product.
Overall the NVIDIA Shield TV works great for me
Smoking hot box. Added a 2 tb drive and ...
Five Stars
Batteries quit after 2 weeks
Five Stars
Better than. Nexus Player.
It's ok but not great.  Has been quite frustrating.
The Best Gaming Console on the Market
... apps developed for the android tv are not necessarily good enough I wish all straming/video apps such as Netflix ...
Best Streaming Device Around
To cut through the hype?a few BUTS..
Amazing!
Nvidia shield tv best of the best
It's kind of hard to enjoy this media player when the batteries in the remote ...
Five Stars
It just works - Cannot go wrong with one of these Media streamers!
I love it: I tried the Apple TV 4k using ...
product is perfect! i was worried for a while regarding the ...
Very good investment if you?re a cord cutter!!
Nvidia Powerhouse! Worth every Penny!!
Five Stars
Great value for entertainment center
5 stars
Great streaming Media server
best android box you can buy
Love the shield!
Worth every penny. Last media box you will ever need.
Awful especially for the price
amazing
Don?t hesitate!
Five Stars
Perfect media streamer
Game Changer
Remote lags, useless Mouse Toggle app scrolling, and not faster than a Fire TV
Major Dissappointment
Android TV support
I can't believe i how great this thing is, Get one!
If you need a streaming box, don't waste time with anything else
Best Android TV box available hands down for the last ...
Best Android Box
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it!
Shield tv
Good Game Streaming
Boots up very quickly,  Graphics exclent for unit that size
Great little kick butt machine
Locked up on Netflix start up
It does justice....
Best speed, Best picture, Best not break it again.
great product and super fast
Am returning! Keeps shutting off!
Disappointed
Cannot use IR remote with it
Remote issues
Best Android TV on the market
Made a big difference in streaming TV
Smh glad I didn't pay full price
when wired ethernet port works
Streaming monster!
Awesome streaming and gaming device!
Simply the Best
Five Stars
Beats anything I've ever plugged into my TV.
hands down this is the best streaming device out in the market for 2017
Expensive and not worth it
Much improved controller makes this a must have for gamers.
It's aight
The Nvidia Shield is an awesome Android gaming console
Awesome
Works great
Ferrari of the streaming world...
Crazy fast and great picture!
Five Stars
Great device, the 2017 version is very compact and powerful
Best streaming device
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield purchase lasted me about 5 months.
Best streaming service in the market
This thing is a freaking god send!!!!!
What a blast!!!!!!!
The NVIDIA SHIELD TV Streaming Media Player is a great little unit
Powerful Reliable Streaming Box
Gratamente Impresionado
Good tv box
i really really like this device
Quick delivery. Quality parts. Dead Batteries or Bad Remote?
The available apps except for the availability to use my cable provider's streaming app makes this my favorite streaming box
TV Remote Issue Significantly Impact the Experience
If your looking to step up your cord cutting game
I love it.
Five Stars
Gives the best streaming experience
worth the money, great investment
Very excellent and I would recommend it
Like It.
Love it it's so good
Nice content player
The Nvidia Shield works fine, I am not really happy with the android ...
and I think it is the best on the market
2017 Absolutely the best streaming video box
Remote battery is crap. I build my own enclosure and use AAA ...
Very nice android
Five Stars
Overall I'm satisfied with the purchase as when I ordered it there ...
Hulu users look for something else.
Cannot recommend
Powerful streaming device
Five Stars
Strongly recommend it
Great for cutting cable
Nvidia shield is very sleek
BUY THIS AND SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE
Batteries in the remote were dead upon arrival
glitchy, slow
Best Media Device I Have Owned
It works for me and my fam.
Four Stars
Fricking best android TV streamer out there!
Great remote and menu interaction
Can't get better when it comes to streaming games or playing games on your TV
Must buy
Definitely buy this.
Excelent device. But I can not give it 5 ...
Buy a mouse for video games, it works to get rid of the "Game not supported" message.
The best Android TV box i have ever had
Best streamer
Love it was worried that it would be slow or ...
Does not live up to the hype
but a nice piece of equipment
Buy the pro
newly purchased, soi have to use for couple of months in order to review
Great product
Nvidia streaming box
I'm an AppleTV guy who's bought into the AppleTV ecosystem ...
Complete waste of money
Excellent!
It was decent product.
What took me so long?
Nvidia Shield
Kodi friendly its easy to download with no apps needed an much faster then the firesticks
Best video streaming console for 4k
Don't hesitate. Just buy.
paying the extra 100 for the large storage is a smart buy. I hooked it up with a converter ...
batteries don't work
Perfect Android Tv in the market
Good fun - Android TV, HDHomerun Prime, Steam
Five Stars
The best TV box
Best streaming box on the market
Just what I needed
Great for streaming with the fastest processor on the market
Awesome
Quality and Functionality
Great TV box.
I love this so much
Best android TV on the market
Great solution for casual gamers and serious streamers
Really nice piece of kit
Disappointing , malfunctioning junk .
Best Android TV streaming box out there
Best for Streaming
Five Stars
PRODUCT FAILED AFTER 1 MONTH
This is such a good product that it's my second one.
As advertised
Best quality box for sure!!!!!
Five Stars
Love it
Product is fantastic & met all expectations, Perfect.
WOW
The best TV streaming box out there, but not for everyone
very good
I like it when it works but less 1 month use ...
Strong little media player
Console killer
Streaming Device
The shield tv is awsome no problem just wish i ...
Five Stars
Best Android TV box!
I want to buy another
Greatest Android TV box EVER!
Best Media Streamer on the Market.
Fantastic product
Not compatible with most android apps.
Great device for streaming
If you want the best - buy this!
Terrible!!
Perfect, simply put
Good quality but waste resources
Definitely the best!!
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition
Slow
Five Stars
Was only a fraction above being a total waste of money
Shield Isnt The Great Device Advertised
Awesome system
Love this Box
Bad Product, Bad Support
Awesome!!
Nvidia
Best streamer in the market
Just buy it, don't waste money on the others.
I LOVE this machine
Love Nvidia Shield TV
Glitzy advertisement and promotion on Front End, Poor support on the Back End.
great product.
Best product ever!
The best 4k platform hands down for using with Plex
The best option for your tv
System good remote sucks
I can?t register my device on the Nvidia website
Five Stars
Easy to setup and use.
I love it soooo much.
Android TV
Take my money!
Great Product
Wonderful product
Best media box out there
Nice
Best streaming option in town!!
Very easy to setup!
Awesome system
Five Stars
FIRST TIME USING NVIDIA Shield TV
No returning it keeper 100% fortite runs like a king
Very good product
Best 4K streamer on the market
What can I say? Fast, smooth, streams ...
Top of the line!
Best media streamer on the planet
#1 android t.v.
Great..
It really delivers
Cut yourself loose
Did not receive a unopened/new nvidia shield tv
Like Daniel said
Best Android box. Nothing compares.
Best of the best
Best ever.
Bought for a friend
Shazam!
Great
Great product
Versatile Power House
a small pc would have been better.
Amazing!!!
Very fast
Nvidia Shield TV is amazing!
Great item
Great idea - Poor execution
Plenty of power
The outer casing is scratched.
The one to have
Not proper android. Can't install most apps.
Technically Sound But Very Disappointing
Fabulous
Great device
No enough ports
Best streaming box in the market.
Volume control is too sensitive
All my complaints come from streaming sources like Sideloader and GOOGLE App Store
The better Android TV in my opinion
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect
This has to be hands down the BEST money I have spent
Four Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended
Works perfectly!
Simply the best.
Would recommend
Best 4k tv streaming
Fantastic device
Works very well
Not a good purchase
great price
Buzzing BAD- Video Below
The way cord cutting was meant to be.
Buy it.
Five Stars
A must for a homemade arcade
Awesome, after easily loading kodi from the App Store
So much better the FireTV!
Highly recommended..
Works fine, good pic.
Best device out there
Best streaming device with Android.
Works with 7.1 sound bar
Excellent product so far.
Just works
Five Stars
Best mini computer for streaming video
Awesome
Most stable media streaming
Good quality
Buy this one.  So very fast and easy to use
Would buy another
SUPERKALAFRAGALISTXPEALADOUSH
Love it! No more buffering.
Awesome
Best streaming box there is! PERIOD!!!
You can ?Trust the Hype? on this product
Added an external hard drive to increase the storage. ...
best android streaming box.
Incredibly happy with the purchase. Gamestream is awesome.
Best TV companion device!
Works great
Five Stars
Love it!
BADA$$!!!!!!
Great product!
Five Stars
??
It's a beast!
Five Stars
Amazing
Good for combining all media needs
Great product! Great Service!
I love it
Nexus Player - MiBox - Shield TV
Best home media.
Best android media player so far
There is no web browser
Best in the market!
Cable
Great
Do your research before you purchase so you are not disappointed.
Would highly recommend except for short longevity of Shield Remote
Cord Cutting With Confidence
Great
Perfect
Four Stars
My Media Everything
Impressive
... to a fire stick and it does it's job wonderfully.
Awesome product!
Excellent
I love this thing
Three Stars
Perfect 4K HDR and GAMING system
Could not deal with the cheap crap i was using before this
Great streaming but gaming just so so
AWESOME!!!!!
Good
Great box yet missing Dolby Vision
So far this has been the best streaming device I've owned/tried
Five Stars
nice tv
Great product but has unusual limitations
Amazing as advertised
Game controller bricked
Money well spent.
Best steaming device
Reliability.
Love the Nvidia sheild for all streaming
BEST STREAMING DEVICE ON THE MARKET l
Love my shieldtv
Five Stars
Awesome Product works flawlessly
Best media player you can buy
What the steam link wanted to be
This is the best devise for Kodi and more
The best of the best
Excellent
Nvidia Shield
Buyer beware
I love it so much.
Love my Shield
Just buy it..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Best bang for your buck.
It works as stated
Love it!  Best PLEX Box BUT SO MUCH MORE!
Excellent product!
It's Android Tv
More than what you expect
Five Stars
Worth every penny
Awesome
Ease of Use
Need to add optical output.
works great
This box is awesome, I can?t believe after all this time I?ve ...
Game Controller's Battery life short a bit
Perfect for cord cutting  Saves $$$$$
Power adapter sucks and getting a new one is a nightmare
A little expensive but worth the price
Great box for the money !!
Five Stars
Best streaming box in the world!
Do not worth the money
Best Android Streamer, BUT . . .
This is a very wonderful cable cutting replacement device
Great Tech
Best android box
bad connectivity as well
Nvidia Shield Rocks
Excellent Android TV Box
Good item
Expensive one, but worth for that..
Bluetooth doesn't work.
Worth it !!!
Perfect 4k Plex Playback
Excellent
Great Product when Setup Properly
BUY BUY AND BUY IT NOW
Five Stars
No comment necessary.
Great system
Best streaming device!!!
Great product picture shows excellent colors
The best Android TV out there.
Five Stars
Perfect
... as many apps as I'd want but it's a great media player
Five Stars
Pass until the hardware/interface is improved
Everything you need in a little and powerful box!
Best streaming box Worth the money stay away from Roku ...
Very good tv box
Five Stars
Good product and price.
Killer Streaming Box
Worth the money.
Apple Tv doesn't compare!
Five Stars
These are the best android TVs
Five Stars
excellent product does need some setting up
The best for your TV
Five Stars
Decent plex client
Love it!
No batteries
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two big failures and Nvidia will not support
Best one out there!
Not working!!!!!
very good product
Simply the best!
Untrusted shield product line
Worked great for 5 days
Fastest best Android box currently in 2018 from what I understand
Best product for streaming
Don't bother with other Android boxes
Shield works great, Remote not so much
Great Streaming box with crappy game controller
Worked great for 6 weeks
Five Stars
Rubbish
Five Stars
Son enjoys it
Best TV box ever
Five Stars
BUY BUY BUY...
Poor reliability! Roku is likely the better bet for most people.
Five Stars
Five Stars
NVIDIA Shield. THE BEST!
Must have for Plex, DVR users!!
Nvidia Shield is the Best??
Thanks
Five Stars
PROPRIETARY to GOOGLE, NOT RECOMMED
But the combo unit with sheild remote if you intend on gaming
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield
Best streaming device for smart TV
Five Stars
Five Stars
Probably the best streamer out there
Five Stars
ok
Stop working after a few months
I've heard this is a great gaming machine
Fix the bugs, NVidia
Five Stars
need built in touch pad!
This is the best and fastest device we have found for streaming and ...
Works Great overall. I wish the remote volume control was ...
Shield review
Amazing product
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
I love the Nvidia
Worth every dollar
thumbs up
The best! Hands down!!
Five Stars
LOVE IT
Five Stars
Good concept.
Super fast shipping, great quality product!
Four Stars
Great price
I love Android TV
Amazing
Five Stars
Beat streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stopped working.
Great for retro gaming
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to use
Five Stars
Perfect device for lounge or bedroom TV.
Nvidia isn't what it used to be.
Finally directv now loaded and operating on nvidia shield tv assisted by Logitech k400 for operation
WORKS GOOD
The best
Great Media Player - Remote control needs improvement
Five Stars
Very good
Happy
Five Stars
Good game console
Worst Amazon purchase for me.
Returned
Great item
Fault power adapter
Plenty of back up
Alil pricey but worth it
Sorry I waited so long to buy amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it!
Five Stars
100% Awesome
good but with issues
Goooood~
Excellent Streaming device
Five Stars
Love
lo mejor
Best Kodi box I have used and the remote is ...
awesome
Four Stars
Excellent all round Android TV box
Comcast Subscribers Beware
Best streaming box out
Roku on steroids for gamers
Great buy for tv buffs
Awesome tv and gaming console
High quality product
As some have already said, the Shield is the best streamer!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best Android box
Best Plex media player bar none!
Five Stars
Great device - but go for the PRO model
The player is good, but the remote control was not working after 2 months...
Best streaming player on the market
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streamer on the market
Excellent quality
Best android tv box
nVidia Shield TV is my favorite android TV box.
Five Stars
Internet speed is absolutely awful
Five Stars
Best streaming device
Took a great product and made it even better
Great 4K Streaming
Entertainment Value
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best cord cutting/shaving device available
Great player with many features
Defective
Great hardware, but wonder if this type of streamer might lose industry support?
Great product
Five Stars
Its a great streaming device!
Five Stars
Great
Excellent as media center
Nvidia maintains their updates and using this device is so easy.
works fast
Dependable so far
Five Stars
Love it, except for some of the faults of ...
The best in Android Tv
BEST STREAMING DEVICE EVER
Worked good for 3 months maybe
Perfect
La mejor android tv box!!
Great product!
Good product
Best Android TV on the market
.
Great device
Love My Nvidia Shield
Received as expected...Thank YOU
Five Stars
Got buggy after a few days.  Factory reset did not take care of the problem.  Significant response delay to the remote control.
Great!
Amazing Device, Can Stream my Games to the big ...
Great device
Great product!
Not quite as good. But very close
Perfecto
Has all the apps I want!
Honest opinion
Shield TV sometimes does not recognize certain HDMI 2. ...
Yes it's that bad ass
Fast powerful and reliable
Great job
Switched from a 2nd gen firetv it was worth it ...
Not worth money
Amazing machine! If you want to take over the ...
Extremely frustrating until you let it get updated.
Second one, love it
Best android box
Nvidia Shield Gam,ing Edition
I love this box!
Best Streaming Media Player
much better than my previous android
Overall a good choice for movies and games
No more buffering like experience from other unit on the market
Although not the cheapest, definately the best
Absolutely love my Shield
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best android based tv box
Google Play Store NOT Included
Five Stars
fast shipping good streaming device nice 4K media player supports both DTS ...
looking for an android device this is the one.
Buy one you'll love it.
Very nice and easy to use
The Best!
Three Stars
Love This
Nvidia Shield is the best android box!
Game
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy and never look back
Five Stars
Great device for entertainment but wish the price was a little less.
Five Stars
Much much better than Amazon Firestick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... and it was within my price range wanted the best. Really quick and although many boxes claim to ...
Amazing gadget, worth every cent paid for
Must have streaming box for all android enthusiastic
Get it you will be happy!
The best from android boxes
... bought the pro one last year and was the best purchase for streaming
Four Stars
Five Stars
Media player, but so much more!
Locked down, unreliable, mostly a platform for trying to sell you games
Best Android TV Box in the Market
Nvidia
Very happy with the Shield
AMAZING!!!!!!!
Very good control
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition | 4K HDR Streaming Media Player - What a fantastic box
great Android box
Need more games on geforce now
The Best Android TV
Awesome product. Loving it.
Great, albeit pricey, streaming device.
Five Stars
The best android TV streamer available
Recommended product for all
Perfect!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Investment.
One Star
Unusable due to connection issues.
Pretty happy so far
Excellent product works excellent as described remote will only last one week
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good product and very happy to say it works really ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Great!
Great purchase
Top of the food chain
So far I am pleased I do not expect any problem watched a lot ...
Amazing
Not working
All I gotta say is this thing is fun!!
I best android tv box on the market
Nvida shield
Best box
The remote
The Best Period!
BUY IT NOW!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very very nice!!!
Four Stars
I love it.
Superb Android tv
Remote control needs to be redesigned and replaced
??
Excellent
Five Stars
Satisfied customer
SHIELD
The Good: Plays Netflix
Great Box
Best android tv ever
Te best there is
THE BEST ANDROID BOX
The Best Android TV Device
This machine is a beast.
Great streamer
Perfect Plex Streaming Device
The best android TV
Five Stars
Received used or returned merchandise
Maybe the fastest android TV box
Excelent product
Four Stars
Five Stars
Number 1 performance quality.
Nvidia is the champ
Must buy
Love it
Great streamer
???
Best Android TV on the market!
Five Stars
I want another one
Good, but falls just short of perfect
Five Stars
The Best Streaming Box
Amazing product and quality by far the best Android media ...
Little harder to set up.
Two Stars
Became slow, laggy, and unresponsive within a few days
Best box I ever owned
best android box ever
Exelent
Best Android TV box.  Extremely solid, polished and fast.
best media player for kodi
Five Stars
Five Stars
El mejor tv box con android tv
Stable and solid media box
love
Just as advertised
No more cable for me
High-quality and easy to use
Five Stars
works great. The only thing is Google assistance doesn't work
Very good product
Works as advertised
Four Stars
You cannot go wrong with this item. Easy to install.
Easily the single best piece of technology I have in ...
Five Stars
Good so for
Amazing
this is legit. you can play so many games ...
Five Stars
Very Nice
Amazing streamer
Excellent streaming and entertainment box
?
Very nice AIO STB
This is a great android TV
Excellent System
Great for all different apps
The speed of the processor
Hands down best streaming device
A+
Number One
The best I have ever had and I have had a ...
Four Stars
Best android tv box you can buy, no other comes close!
Top streaming Device
Awesome!
Five Stars
Super fast
No compaints
fastest tv box
Best TV box out there
Five Stars
Great conections, stable performance.
wow!
Why did I wait so long to buy it?
Five Stars
Best streaming box by far.
Good: Play almost all type video rate video
Had it for over 6 months and I just love it.
The most complete Streaming Media Player
Buy It Now
Five Stars
Awesome
Small & smart
It will serve you for a year/year and a half and it will stop working.
Totally awesome the fasted box out there nothing comes close Works ...
Great media player that plays all my home media and streams as well
Great product !
Five Stars
Great Device
Apparently great.
Fix controller
Best Android TV for the moment
Love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Impressed
Five Stars
It's a great streaming device / gaming console
Best way to view Youtube TV!
In Korea, we only ship controllers, but we're sorry to hold them.
Four Stars
Good product.
NVIDIA SHIELD
Great High-Performing Streaming Device
Way better than amazon tv
Fast and Furious
Five Stars
Great
I would recommend this to everyone even if it's only for use ...
A lot packed into one box
Highly recommend
Easy to use , smooth interfaces
Making this thing work is very fustrating ......
Great little box
Wish i had this my entire streaming life
Top Dog
It's faster than all other tv boxes. Just that the mouse needs to be more interactive
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lean, mean, streaming machine
Nice litle machine but i have problem
No Headphone Jack on Remote
Quality Media Player.
Awesome box
I?m loving it a lot
Five Stars
Excelente
great
Four Stars
Four Stars
I am very satisfied with the product
The monster is here.....
Good performance
Best in class
This box is amazing. The layout is stunning and its?extremely easy to ...
Amazing media player for all your media?s
Love this box
Absolutely the best streaming box out there
Awesome
Best box ever I ordered one box then my payment ...
DTS master hd
Five Stars
Five Stars
Dont hesitate take 2
Superb build quality
Excellent unit.
Very nice
Don't hesitate
Nvidia Shield
RC problem
A good TV box-Nvidia shields
Great picture and sound quality !
Excellent
Great device when it worked but it went into sleep ...
Pros-EVERYTHING
Must buy
GodVidia Shield TV is a amazing video player for watching 4k videos
All good. No complaints
You got to buy one
can read many file smoothly and good picture
Good
second-hand goods
Good buy
Where?s my controller?
Great
netflix dolby atmos
Snappy, responsive and we'll designed interface. 4k HDR @ 60Hz Kodi and Nvidia Gamesteam work great
Five Stars
Gotta say not worth the money spent
Must buy for streaming needs
Worth it. Great media streamer and gaming console
The setup is quicker if you skip the sync to account. Add your account after setup.
Product arrived with several scratches on the device and the remote control is not working well
The Best
Powerful device
An absolute must have for any home
Completely satisfied!
Sinply the best
Quality
NVIDA rocks
About the Player
Three Stars
very nace
just connect it to fast internet and you are good to go
Best gaming and streaming system
The best
.
Great movies and streams
Good
One Star
The best playback device
Five Stars
Everything as described!
TOLLESTON LOVE
I love this thing
Awesome device
Best streaming media player ever
Five Stars
The best
Best box out there
Love the Shield
Battery tray
Use xbox controller
The best way to go!!!
Great little box
Works good
Five Stars
Must have
Love it
Five Stars
By far the best Android TV box I had
Excellent device
The best android TV ever!
Arrived fast!
It just works
Five Stars
Nunca recib? el producto
Four Stars
A Must Buy.
The fastest
Absolute best piece of tech I have ever purchased
Best product i ever bought nvidia is top notch
Five Stars
Great processing speed, great wi-fi speed, great ethernet speed, great remote
... watched YouTube videos to see if any solutions only good reviews so why doesn?t mine work box was dirty ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Great device, LOUSY TV REMOTE!
most useless product
Awesome performance worth the extra money
Five Stars
Great media player
Best box!
Everyone should own one!!!
Controller is more essential than a remote
A very good android box
Amazing! Fluent playback for video and GeForce Now works ...
Why the button battery so short life,  0ne day out of power
Everything
One Star
Excellent hardware. Only problem I have noticed is with ...
Nvidia
Five Stars
I recommended.
Not sure
Best streaming device
Youtube HDR not supported
Price
... but it kept hanging earlier during setup but seems better now.
i like the whole package
Five Stars
Worth the price.
Awesome
easy use
Five Stars
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition | 4K HDR
Works great.
Five Stars
The best system out there
Equipment Stop Working
Nvidia shield
Excelente
Five Stars
AMAZING ITEM!
Five Stars
Great Android box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best media streamer
Streaming at its Best!
La mejor tv box
The best
Very simple can even connect to your phone
We love em.
overall a good player despite sometimes random crash or unable to wake ...
Best Android box hands down
Amazing TV box
One of the Best
High end product from Nvidia
You won't regret this purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nvidia shield
Best device for your money.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best andtoid tv box
Best streaming device
Brilliant Android TV streaming box
NVIDIA SHIELD TV delivers
The remote is very responsive, and goes through walls ...
The best.
Excellent android box for Kodi
Five Stars
Versital TV Box
Awesome
Very Happy
Shipping
The interface is responsive and easy to use
Four Stars
Best of the best
Five Stars
Happy customer
Five Stars
Wii buy another one.
the small remote is very laggy and the cast feature ...
Five Stars
Powerful video quality!!
Nice!
garbage
the product is really nice however, little concern that i receive the item ...
defective controller
Fantastic
Just plug and play
Four Stars
still the best
Nvidia is the best for streaming
must work wired
?
Five Stars
Awesome purchase
Perfect Product for our Needs
Good
Five Stars
It's pretty, pretty cool.
The unit works as described
No contest best of the best
Awsome
Best Streamer Yet, still room for improvment
US-plug only
Good Quality
Best streaming device
Awesome product!
Five Stars
but overall it was a good experience.
Five Stars
LOVE IT!!!
Five Stars
Totally worth it
Good with thumbs up !!
all you need.
Amazing Box, After NVidia replaced the first one
Five Stars
One Star
Very good
Five Stars
great streamer
and a good feature of Streaming Plex Serer good
Five Stars
I recommended
Most powerful Android TV box
Good product, but have a power issue
On Time, It works as expected
-
very nice ?but i need menu button on the remote
Simply
Five Stars
Best investment
Five Stars
Perfect streaming
Five Stars
Strong best all-in-one streamer with extra features. Not for cheap though.
Need to buy HDMI Cord
Quick shipment with superb picture and sound quality. But ...
????
Brilliant product and is exactly as described
Game playing power house
Best Streaming Device Period!
This is perfect for someone who doesn't have a smart TV
Worth every penny!!
Very good product
Five Stars
Very well built box
Love it?
Five Stars
Best android tv box...but still need improvement
Five Stars
Easy to set up
Stop watching cable tv and buy one of this things!
Best android tv
Quality product
Excellent
Best ever, I have the 2015 model and got ...
Five Stars
all good
Nothing beats it.
disappointing
Best Android TV box by far
Five Stars
easy,convenient,powerful tv box
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
powerfull shield for child animation files
Best device in the market today.
A for AWESOME
all good but expansive
Great multimedia player
The best Andorid TV Experience
Big like
Works great straight out of the box
Best Media player around
Five Stars
Excellent
Best streaming available
Speed and power
Five Stars
But the box has dents like fall. Overall is considered
Flawless
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nvidia Sheild TV
Great interface
-2 Stars because STILL not at Android 8
it works real nice
Fast delivery and good quality
The best
Fast
Five Stars
U cant be wrong buying this
So far so good, shipping was a little confusing as I had ...
Must Have
Great purchase
Great
Not satisfied
Best purchase in years
The best option
Mostly the best stable product as a android tv
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
DOA
Best tv box period
The Shield is amazing, best product out there
Five Stars
You'll like it.  Easy to operate and definitely worth it
Great emulator and streaming device
Best Android player
Great Device
Quality
very nice android TV box fast nice good quality remote and ...
Finally!  Android TV that meets all my needs!
Player
Remote batteries need replacement in two weeks.
The best tv box!! ????
Powerful and sleek
Best Media Player by far!
Very fast
It's great
Excellent product!
If you just stream content the Sammix R92 is the best box I have found
Good looking and good performance
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Streaming device available
Best android device
Best 4K experience ever!
Pleasant shopping experience
Satisfied product and fast delivery
Four Stars
Kicks
MUST HAVE
it is amazing.
Awesome device
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streaming system out
Five Stars
GET IT!
Great
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield ?
Fast
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it
Everything
Five Stars
Five stars five stars.
Five Stars
The item is amazing. It does everything i need
Great
not worth the money
A perfect example of a 5-Star product.
Can't stop using it. So many sleepless nights since ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice
love the Nvidia Shield
very nice android TV
Great
Awesome, the best top box available
Picture quality
good. but ...
Quality Experience
Good
Buy one!
Great product
Fantastic!
Four Stars
LOVE IT!
Gran producto.
So good I bought two
Great android box
nvidia great!
Well worth the money!!
Remote is entirely worthless. Goes to sleep during use ...
Machine is brand new and its working perfectly it's really mind blowing I like
owesome Android TV device.!!!! 4K ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to set up works
Five Stars
Perfect!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
power androidtvbox
Highly recommended.
Best tv box
Five Stars
Cloud gaming needs cable no wirelles
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Everything works well
.
Very good
Fast processing
Top adroid box
Absolutely amazing Android TV combo!
Good TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Update
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
expansive
Nice
Stream
Four Stars
Fantastic
Five Stars
Fast delivery
Five Stars
Yes, You Want One! Reward Yourself
Buen sistema
amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Surround sound doesn't work in most cases, returned.
Its easy to use
App
good
good
Good
Good
easy to use and install new games
Five Stars
Great player let down by a poor remote.
Greatest thing i have bougth ever
Nvidia is awesome
Five Stars
cord cutting
Great product quick delivery
All in one TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Device, lacking internal storage or expansion slot.
work great!!
Great TV right here!
I had a first gen shield and thought it was the best solution, but no Amazon broke the deal
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
fast and good
Excellent purchase, very quick delivery service
Can't use DirecTV Now. Otherwise, it's a great streaming device
The best media streaming device ever!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awesome product.
Should have bought one sooner
Five Stars
Great Device
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
2017 edition has poor build quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Media Streamer
Quick delivery...thanks
Five Stars
Interesting TV box device
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
amazing device.
Its excellent in every way
Four Stars
Four Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best as always but.......
Five Stars
Great Device!
Sadly shield support couldn`t or wouldn`t help
Five Stars
Easy to use and provides a smooth streaming experience
Does alot
Five Stars
it fast and best android box for streaming
Four Stars
It's that good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best TV box HANDS DOWN
Five Stars
Five Stars
Is the BEST TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Functional, some design issues
Five Stars
Some Issues but Overall Good Product
The best
Two Stars
Five Stars
I like it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
You'll be a prisioner!
Five Stars
Mouse wheel, Destiny 2, USB ports, Windows shares, Alexa, H265!
Five Stars
Streams everything great!
Five Stars
Great streamer !
Five Stars
Good job
Awesome device, best streamer on the market
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is the best option for sharing PC games on your big TV
Five Stars
#1
Love it: ) Mainly used for iptv
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
don't buy
Five Stars
Best Android media streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excelente
I'm enjoying the experience wish it was cheaper but it's great
Five Stars
Just get it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very powerful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best TV box i ever had
Great performance
Five Stars
Five Stars
I've got mega games, KODI, Plex, HomeRun HD, a gamepad and a remote w/ headphone jacks and volume control.
I love it, worth every
Nvidia shield 16 gig.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streaming device in market - period
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
#1
I love it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Android Streaming device. Fast and powerful!
Best of the best
the game streaming is just fine, when it works with PLEX it's just
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Probably the best out-of-the-box streaming device you can get
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
KeepSolid works great and is only $25 per year
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't buy this, drop outs, freezes, pauses ...
even for a beginner like me.
Great device
Five Stars
Love the product!
Very Impressive.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it but remote stopped working after 2 wks
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic product.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
best android media box so
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding!!
Five Stars
Bad Remote Control
love
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The fastest media player
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great item. Works really well
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Perfectly
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This thing is awesome. I am not a gamer I purchased this ...
Doesn't connect
Want to Love it - Crashes all the time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great idea, but not an HTPC replacement yet...
Best Android Media Center EVER
Buy it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome....
Very buggy!
Five Stars
Great STB - Horrible Game Controller!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
NVIDIA SHIELD
Slim remote kinda sucks, and the software needs minor tweaks.... but it's still awesome.
Five Stars
Has its good and bad points. If you just want to watch TV, check out other devices first...
Best bang for your buck.
Five Stars
Nice but technical issues (with user's brain)
Five Stars
Disconnects from Interent
Best. Streaming
Unbelievably fast.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Manufacturing/Update Defect
1. setup was a breeze. If you have ...
Five Stars
Love the Shield
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good
Five Stars
Excellent device. Plug in a hard-drive for a complete ...
Five Stars
Nice unit
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Streaming Media Player (2017 model)
A must have for television and game streaming
Streaming is good but there are limited google apps we can use ...
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield Dead
Just WOW!
good graphics. I read that to some buyers it ...
I was worried that this would end up just like so more toys I buy
Worth every penny!!!
Does exactly what I purchased it for, but still has a ways to go
So buggy and not worth that money. More aggravation than its worth
Dead
Pretty great so far!
Finally received my box
One Star
D works amazing!! the gaming didnt work well at all ...
Rest - sucks: - No air mouse on remote control
Arguably the best TV box yet
The remote is so bad
Works great for Android games and Media Streaming. Nvidia PC Gamestream is horrible.
Great but ...
Five Stars
it cost a lot more than my amazon tv but it's super quick. I just wish there's a way to ...
Having a smart television, my primary use
Fantastic machine, but the remote not having a charger ...
Device completely stopped working within just a few months.
Not Ready for Prime Time
Perfect box but bum cord/controler
Horrible remote response time.
Five Stars
Terrible,Complete waste of money.
? ??
I like this system
Reuven
The included remote is horrible and easy to hit the wrong buttons
Newer isn?t always better.
remote control button(back button) is bad. i received the exchange but it is the ...
This works fantastic and it is nice and small so it doesn't ...
Good but works slow!
Great video box, OK audio
Quality Control Issues
Gamestream is awesome!  Video streaming unpleasant
Five Stars
Awesome hardware that fills a niche just not sure what one!
Would have been a complete piece of garbage if not for retroarch and the hotline Miami games
Does not play many 4k formats well - be warned
Very fluid
Came defective
Great TV / Streaming / Media Box / #1
Five Stars
Excellent!
Working great in Australia
So sad! So I sent it back for another one
Easy to set and extremely versatile.
Easy usage. Very fast
So many glitches I had to sell it.
Terrible
Auto trun on randomly? HDR with plex amazing
crappy Chinese Andriod
Look no further
Five Stars
you can save money by purchasing () the same level of this device and with less money like $ 30
Best streaming media device
the unit works fine when it works
likely due to poor reception of remote
None of the apps I regularly use work correctly.
Stream quality was sub-par
I like it, it is super smooth and fast
Very high end choice as an Android streaming box
Great Device
it has its uses ..love my nvidia either way
A LOT of starting hiccups, but it now seems to be working well
The best android tv box
Hands down the best media center for all the cord cutters out there
NAVIDA Shield
THE BEST KODI BOX ON THE MARKET
Not what you think it is.
?????
Remote doesn't work and their online support is awful.
OH BOY! This thing is fast and clear!
Remote is not fit for purpose.
Five Stars
Great player, terrible remote!
I will now recommend this device
Five Stars
It's OK I guess when compared to a firestick.
This is a great multimedia streamer - it's a little expensive but is ...
and yes I have already recommended it to a friend and they bought one already
Three Stars
Terrible design and construction.
The best
Two Stars
Lots of features but only when it works
Initially disappointed, but it got much better over time
Fantastic Kodi box.
after two weeks i brought the nvidia shield tv every ...
Amazing
Excellent produit, appareil tr?s r?actif
But if you connect external hard drive then its difficult to locate and manage hard drive contents as it supposed to be in good media player
Five Stars
Disappointed!
... and power of this shield is one of the best streaming devices that i have used so far
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
which doesn't do everything like moving apps around
Perfect for PC Gamers Who Watch Streaming Services
Super fast but an Expensive option for internet TV ect
Worst version of Netflix I have ever experienced.
And easy to
Worth the money !!
Overall though its great.
Five Stars
A streaming BEAST!
Amazing device, very strong like a beast
Four Stars
From Best to Worst
The best 4K player
Great for video gamers.
Launcher not customizable and has annoying 'suggestions' section front and center.  Remote very laggy and unresponsive.
Redesign the remote for a useful product.
Great stuff from nvidia!
Really good but needs 2 small tweaks
Shield is better than Apple TV with a catch...
Good 3D quality
Four Stars
Beware!!! 2017 version.
A streaming beast!
Great Android Streaming Option
however over all nice speed when using the
Five Stars
Terrible downgrade from previous version
Gamers only
Five Stars
Excellent streamer
One Star
i like it
Five Stars
Unusable
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best of the best of the best
it's good, but its limiting Android TV OS and poor ...
Despite excellent connections and a GTX 1080ti
Don't buy for gamestream if your monitor doesn't match your TV
Great box!  A little expensive but worth it.
Great product but not for us
Four Stars
It's essentially useless. How do I fix it or should I ...
Five Stars
So far I love it. Easy to setup and program
The good: Packaged arrived a week ahead of schedule in ...
Excellent product. Only gripe is for one of my ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Get something that works
Best Android TV.
They all work great but this device built off of Android TV is ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice peice by nvidia
Five Stars
Wifi does not work well at all
That I did no get the same as the pro but with 16gbs.
Bit off more than i coild chew
Love with it do,,,,Everyone need to get this,,
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kind of disappointed that the box has been opened before
The Nvidia shield is everything!*
Both the remote & Shield box do not work properly ... returning.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent product.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Android TV box
We received the package but there is a problem in ...
One minute the os works great next minute it?s slow and laggy
Thought it was gonna be huge. But was surprise ...
Three Stars
All is good..
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stopped working after a month.  You may get lucky.
Five Stars
it does not look like a brand new one
... have other android boxes but this one is the best by far
Four Stars
Remote control was good. I used it 3 weeks
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good streamer but few app support in India
in three days it gave up. the screen is blur if you connect it.
Not what I expected
... the talk and hype I was really expecting the good product. It basically does everything the Amazon Fire ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
A+ Product (C+ if you have Comcast)
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
No HMDI cable!!!
Best chord cutting bow you can buy.
Five Stars
The best of the best!
Five Stars
great interface, good remote
Five Stars
Five Stars
good, but i like the Minix u9 better no ...
Awesome!
Five Stars
Product return
Awesome!!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it! Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I like it alot better than the other ones
Five Stars
Great
you need high speed internet
Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best tv box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Tv box
Five Stars
I like it.
very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
No connectivity with Harmony Hub
Google play most popular games not supporting by shield.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good thing Amazon has such a good return policy.
bueno
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not sold that Nvidia is the best Streaming TV Media Player 2017 Edition
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
old version was great for streaming Kodi but the new hardware is garbage
Thanks for SCREWING me PLEX!
Not possible to use Plex Media Server after the most recent upgrade to Shield Expericne
the remote is easily my favorite remote I have ever used
The controller is a plus and function better than FireTV
Used faulty unit supplied. Paid for new
Limited Choice of apps
Device died in 2 days!
"Amazing Games, Played Your Way" In who's world? Not mine or my friends.
Don't jump, back away from the ledge. It's not worth it
I expected more from NVIDIA. Definitely not the company they used to be.
My husband loves their kung fun, sending it back
FAST DOWNLOADS AND UPLOADS. GREAT GAMES
DO NOT BUY GOOGLE DEVICES, BLOCKS VPN'S, MY USB DRIVE AND KODI
No power button?!?! Really?
unusable without google account tracking
Never buy nvidiagarbage products
... a replacement for one that didn't work and looks like this is going to be the same problem
Love the product look and quality feel
Highly Recommend. Will Purchase Again
Small in size, seems fast
Do your research, better products at lower prices
Very disappointed in it so far
HORRIBOL
The remote is horrible it works fine sometimes and other times you push ...
Works pretty awesome so far!
Misleading Advertising
Awesome. I LOVE THIS
One Star
I must have gotten a defective one. It never ...
Do no buy
Turn on device stays on nvidia logo and keeps restarting ...
Plex Server doesn't work
For android Kodi box it is well worth it by far.
Needs better music support
Four Stars
best tv addon in the market
GOOGLE OWNED
Four Stars
Five Stars
Setup is easy but disappointed that shield will not be supporting mouse ...
Reached at time as promised and very  good product
Not sure what was wrong here with this product but ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great concept, awful implementation for the remote, get something else.
Not worth the price for tv streaming
Remote and conrtoller stopped working
Useless -- a very frustrating very expensive device that doesn't do what it's supposed to do
Five Stars
Arrived and doesn't work. It will turn on for ...
aaah - no SD expansion
Remote Not Working
too expensive for what it is.
Five Stars
GARBAGE
Dissapointed and I own 3
TV Remote control services stopped
These devices are complete garbage. Do not buy them
its a best media
Horrible if not almost impossible to set up without an ...
very few apps are avaialble.
Bought it less than two months ago and it already isn't working.
This is really good. It has all the features I required from ...
Warning.....unit may malfunction at any time
fast, updated, genius
It works but it still think I got a used one
Every android device I owned.
Wasn't a good purchase for me
Returned Next Day!
?could not connect to repository? Can' install anything, most ...
The $60 Amazon fire stick would do the same thing.
Those that purchase this device should be made aware that ...
Best streaming media player out there, and it's not close
Five Stars
Buyer beware!
Lots of glitches and issues. This is like a beta product.
Batteries DOA.  Can't set it up.
Worked for less than 24 hours. EDIT: device seems to have recovered.
Will NOT work with ANY universal remote!
It's straight up buggy garbage. I'm tired of dealing with it
Worth the upgrade!!
A Solution Looking for a Problem
Not what it is advertised to be
Beta product
Nvidia did not live up to the hype or price
Why did you remove features from the old device! The remote is worthless at this point in time, previous version was much better
Does not live up to specs
Not worth the money
Android box--know what that implies before you buy
Piece of crap plastic remote with cr2032 lithium batteries. HOW DISAPPOINTING!!!!!!
The all-in-one One Box Solution I'd been looking for
Three Stars
Warning - Universal IR remotes won't work!
Automatic One Star to eavesdropping devices.
Garbage waste of money
worth every penny ?
The 1st Gen Shield TV was much much much better!
4K??? I don't think so.
Not a point a to b device, this is the Ferrari of stream boxes.
Replaced my Nexus player, finally
This is the streamer to get for advanced users in the Google Universe.
New Android 8 crashes the Apps
Best streaming device on earth
Bought From Competition
I love the Shield, hate the remote
... to all the youtube videos saying it was the best thing since popcorn but my experience with setup has ...
KODI using VC-1 encoded MKV users rejoice
I would like to know if the seler would exchange it for ...
Solid streaming media player, but needs work ...
Nvidia Support will let you down !
Best Streamer for Gamers Available
you cant add 3rd party apps to the main screen ...
Not a good local media player.
I have a fire stick and I never had problems ...
4 years and counting, it's amazing
No Other Streaming Device Comes Close
Two Stars
Decent media streaming, but I wouldn't use it for gaming at all.
Good performance, horrible remote
Worth every penny.
The answer for Cordcutting gamers!
You'd Better Have $50 Set Aside For A New Remote
Two Stars
Remote makes it unusable
This NVIDIA SHIELD TV did not work at all. ...
Hands down the best set top streamer available.
Expect fome frustration
Best money can buy from 2015-2018 and perhaps in 2019 too
Best and **ONLY** Android Box
Complete Garbage
Hard (close to impossible) to set up
Could be better, has annoying issues
The best Android TV device
Great, but starts to lag after a while. Like, badly.
More Trouble Than Expected
Really frustrated with the remote control. Come on NVIDA you can do better......
Worst user experience - ever
Poor customer service after boths controls failed.
Browsers and keyboard don't work with this device, can't reorganize Home
Can't wait to buy another one. Somewhere else.
Great Device, Terrible Remote
Awesome gaming rig replacement!
Wifi connection intermittent or unusably slow
Great product, though
100% THE BEST STREAMING BOX ON THE MARKET
Not worth the money
Revised: great product
great with some gripes
For the money only marginally better than the top of the line android tv boxes.
Surprisingly Awesome
OVER PRICED Dumbed Down Android Device!
Terrible customer service, no help on a broken device.
exceded my expectations, after 4 hours of research
Disappointing vs Firestick TV maybe
Best Video Streaming Device in 2017
Hands down the greatest of them all.
CRIPPLED DEVICE IF YOU HAVE A CHARTER/SPECTRUM SUBSCRIPTION.
Too many Google Play apps are not compatible
Garbage - Returning
It just works.
Great Android TV Experience
Best 4k Streamer Hands-down ! Period.
Total waste very poor built quality
If you can afford it, buy this instead of Roku
Nividia Streaming rules
Quick and to the point!
Crossed the Home Theater Rubicon, Never Turning Back.
Amazing Box (Especially for Plex)
Do NOT recommend this piece of crap.
Best Android Streamer in existence
Good until you need support
Not at all what I expected
Awesome in conjunction with a media server such as Plex or Emby
What you need to know about the REMOTE ONLY model.
Lasted just over a year... the 2nd one.
The functionality with the Nvidia shield is great. I do wish they would include a browser ...
DO NOT UPDATE YOUR SHIELD TV
The remote completely ruins the experience
This is a great upgrade from a SmartTV platform
The best set top box period.
Love this thing
Great all-in-one streamer but the remote makes it almost unusable.
Gaming Edition
One of the best available!
Best media streaming device you can buy: powerful hardware, great software.
AWESOME DEVICE
Dead after 3 months of use.
With this box there's too much TV to watch!
I couldn't be happier with this purchase
Nvidia was not for me
Great entertainment hub
Simply the best!!!!
Not worth the trouble.
Gamestream works really well.
Good in theory...
Not for me
You could get a streaming device for cheaper but
Charging port will fail, stay away
Don't walk......RUN!! from this junk!
Very disappointed!
Fast streaming device, good quality, expensive though
Not good
Decent if overpriced system. TERRIBLE remote.
Poor setup experience.
Great device
Pass on this if you're looking for a Plex server.
One Star
This is a wonderful Android TV OTT device
great Product, Revised Review
Top of the Line Streaming
... when you trying to exit kodi it takes a good 20 or 30 seconds to shut off for those ...
NO, not good enough NVIDIA
Get a Steam Link. The Shield is Over priced, glitchy and widely incompatible.
Not for the average user.
ONLY TV MEDIA BOX TO BUY. 10 OUT OF 10
4K HDR Streaming on Epson 4K projectors (4000,5040ub, etc)
... shield tv for about a year and it played fine. I have an external hard drive
Disappointed
Best Overall
I am really disapointed with this. It feels more like a beta or demo console for its huge problems in everything. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Great in-home streaming quality, poor mouse support.
The best smart TV
Update makes then bricks
Controller Died after 15 Months
Two Stars
and I really like it. Ive had many different kodi/streaming boxes
Great at what they do, but no DirectvNow and HuluTV capability
DON'T BUY THIS TO STREAM KODI OR AD-ONS!
Garbage
Terrible wifi
Senseless changes to a great product make this version undoable!
Look no further.  10 stars
No hulu live or youtube live.
Buy if you like pixelation.
Must get if you're a streamer and want something that always works.
Comcast Xfinity cable customers read this before purchasing Nvidia Shield
Best streaming device hands down
Meets half of its product promises
None Existent Support - Don't Waste Your Money
This thing is awesome. So fast in navigating
Pfft used to be good once...
will not turn on
Hdmi sold separately
One Star
b
No IR? Are you kidding me
Worth it, I guess.
Nividia shield Sucks!
It works great in general
Great
Neat, but very flakey. Returned.
Laggy remote completely ruins it.
Fuzzy 1080p/4K output compared to others, quality control issues
Save your money buy or buy something else.
Cheaper than a Home Theater PC. I've had 2 ...
Very good way of playing pc games
Five Stars
The best Android streamer available
Those same apps run perfectly fine on the firestick
Great product. There is a bit of a learning ...
Great when it worked, lasted 18mo. How convenient.
It's cool.
Don't buy for a Plex server.
This thing was great for a few months and now it just plain ...
Other streaming boxes are just pretending.
Best streamer for everyone, in particular the casual gamer!
Nvidia Shield TV
It's the best tv box out there but because it is not ...
Nvidia shield Rules
The only bad thing is that games like Need for Speed No ...
Shield not willing to back there faulty product
Five Stars
it is a great machine, but Nvidia is making new promises on ...
An amazing android TV product!
Kills the competition.
I love mine. Only use it for streaming
Locks up a lot
doesnt come with the basic hdmi cable
WDTV Replacement
Five Stars
Great machine.
Great Product for Streaming
Stopped working after 2 to 3 years.
Best Performing and Feature-rich Android TV box - period!
this thing is awesome
Their remote died with in 2 yr and you end up buying remote again since quality of remote is very bad. I would recommend to get this device since ...
The android TV experience on it was very bad. Here are the reasons why i returned it ...
Best ever
Stopped working after 2 months
Best there is...period!
Five Stars
One Star
Excellent product
I bought this as new but it's not new
The best streaming box on the market
Great product!
Not the usual Nvidia quality.
No HDMI Cable provided - AWEFUL!
Died after a month
NO AUDIO OUTPUT
The best steaming device you can get
Regrets
JOYSTICK
Nvidia seems to have abandoned users of this product !!
No plug adptor with device
Yes, it's still the best!
Not reliable reboot problem
Just received my Shield TV and am pretty disappointed to run into issues on launch
Lacks IR receiver; few apps; lacks customization
Not as easy to setup as all sites say
100% recommendable
Best streaming box ever
Great
Dead on Arrival, replacement non functional.
Controllers won't sync after reboot.
Shield tv
Great product
Main unit is fine, remotes plaged
The Best.. recommend YES
Five Stars
I think it's great! Awesome if you want to use snes
Scammer!
Two Stars
Gaming equipment
Great Android TV, Terrible Plex Media Server
GSUITE USER WARNING: Do not buy if you expect ...
Awesome product. :)
I buy it at 199 dollars and the 2 days ...
One Star
One Star
Four Stars
Originally awesom...Now, just MEH
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cannot believe this didn?t come with an hdmi cable. ...
Threw mine in the trash
One Star
Looks like even if you had the receipt
No voice activation, despite advertising it?
Absolute trash
EXCELLENT
No Thanks
Five Stars
Item with short the wire that plugs into the TV
There Is No Excuse For Removing the SD Slot
Expensive, Useless, and inferior to cheaper competition
I write after opening case. There's a scratch on ...
Update. Device is now completely dead.
I really would NOT recommend to buy it
One Star
Incompatible with logitech harmony and hub
They dropped the IR receiver?
Nivida Shield vs. S912 Android TV boxes
After three attempts to purchase a working shield tv, ...
One Star
Stay away from this over priced, over hyped box, UNLESS you need game streaming
Dead on arrival
The remote is a worthless piece of garbage. It?s unbelievable to me they would charge $50
Downgrade
Not acceptable for local media
NVIDIA failed on this one.
No HDMI included!!!!
I hope you like "Connecting to Google" because That's all this thing can ...
Simply the best media box out there for under $200.
I really like the device and the ways it customizes your experience
Best android tv box.
NVIDIA Fan boy? You bet, and with good reason!
Very highly recommended for a media type PC!
Great device.
Great
Pretty decent
By far the best option on the market
NVIDIA Shield
The Best Box Out There
NVIDIA SHIELD - Whats not to like about this streaming media player
The absolute best streaming box ever!
Love Love Love It
Not much storage
This is a great Android TV and media player
Blows away the rest...fire, slowku, apple, they do not compare
Works great..
GET THIS NOW!
Five Stars
Excellent value - will make any TV into a smart TV!
Honestly, just buy it.
Worth the extra money
Easy tomuse
Upgrade, smaller form factor, no IR or remote usb
Now I enjoy HDR, 4k netflix and amazon
Great Device. Probably the best Android TV box you ...
Finally cut the cable cord
Excellent product.
Easy setup
Nice stuff and best in it?s class
Nvidia Is Second To None
best set-top box i have ever used
Best TV box there is.  (Except the UI)
Five Stars
Three stars cause every once and a while it drops ...
Best streamer I've had
Powerful
Me encanta
Good product
Love it
Five Stars
The best
Thank you
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great box
Awesome Android power
Great buy!
Five Stars
Get it get it
This the best of the best media player
Five Stars
AWESOME!!!! LOVE IT!!!
very good. Affordable prices
Producto novedoso
I really wanted to like this. I bought it for Plex and to ...
Best of the best TV box + free games
Super Fast Awesome Streaming !!
Must buy!
Great
Great Android Right Here
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for streaming and gaming
3gb ram 16 rom tegra x1 CPU gpu perfection
I love it
remote problem
Five Stars
I really don?t understand all of the negative reviews.
Very fluid system
Nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for streaming around the house
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield
Do you like and understand tech
The best box ?
Excellent, Faster With External SSD.
Really is 4K!
Five Stars
DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!
I have Android Nougat full running on mine and it is great with full play store as well
stability
Fast delivery
A super speedy android box
You need this!
Mine Works But Has Poor Video Quality
Excellent product
Would recommend
Works well, but is a complete pain to set up
This is the one to buy!!!
Love it
Best 4k media player
great product
Great for the money
Speed - super fast!
Affordable PC gaming alternative multimedia entertainment device
The Remote would do thing on it's own
The best.
Just buy it already.......
Must buy
buy this !
Its the Best
Streaming
Great
Best one out there!
Awesome product
If you have little expectations you'll love it!
Great Buy!
Great Android tv box
Worth the money
Love it! Best investment for TV Lovers
fast
I like it better than my Gamer son
Superb media player
THE BEST ANDROID TV BOX MADE!!!
Great device!
Awesome
HDMI cable not included
Invidia
Great Multimedia Device
Works Great
King of Streamers
All the bells and whistles.
The power of android tv box
Works as described.
Best purchase!
Great
Streams great!  Games meh...
Almost broke itself updating - Android OS
It works....
Excellent
Love This Product
Need improvement on basic software
I will be adding an SSD for more storage.
Very powerful,  just needs a few updates.
The best for Android TV, period.
The Cadillac of streaming devices.
Game Console killer
Dead 28 days after I set it up!!
Runs everything you can throw at it.
Buy you will never regret
Excellent streamer
Best android box out there
Power Android TV
works  better than all others
Amazing product. Streams everything
Stopped working on the 31st day
Faster, easier, intuitive, cheaper than any cable company DVR or Tivo.
Roku Channel now showing hundreds of free movies & Locast has free CBS/NBC/FOX/ABC/PBS
Getting HDCP 2.2 error ? Read this!  Best Roku yet!
BETTER THAN AMAZON FIRE TV AND STICK! LOVE IT!
Roku's customer service is absolutely terrible.
Terrible warranty support
Picture is super, just be prepared to maybe change batteries every day-hence, the 2 stars. **UPDATE**
Poor Customer Service
Bad customer service
Crystal Clear Picture Quality
HDMI PORT BREAKS OFF
Stay away, dont waste time and money, this player has too many issues and bad customer service adds insult to the injury!
Buy at your own risk.... unreliable
Useless for 4K - constant HDCP 2.2 authorization issues.
Lousy customer service from Amazon and Roku from the very beginning. Remote controll
Great when it works, but with an unbelievable flaw that makes it one star
I seriously wanted to like this Roku.
Roku Ultra - HDCP ERROR
Intermittent HDCP 2.2 error
Very Buggy, Support is Not Helpful
The best streaming device I have used... and it has a REAL remote control!
Hope you don't have to deal with customer support!
Faulty Devices
May not work with netflix
Spectrum and Roku need to get their act together to make this device and app work!
Product failed in 3 months, terrible customer service, and I?m stuck with a broken Roku.
The new remote is EXTREMELY convenient
Seems like they're shipping a defective device and they know about ...
Faulty Unit or Software even after updates
Pray that you get a unit that works and you don?t have to deal with Roku Customer Service!
I will not buy a Roku again
The fastest and best streaming device.
Good streaming box, not such a great remote
DOA in my application from automatic overnight software update.
Junk! Cannot handle 4K. HDCP error that Roku has failed to address for years
So many basic omissions.
Fast and versatile
Doesn't Support DTS-HD nor Dolby Digital TrueHD format
Roku Remotes are HORRIBLE!
Does not pass full Dolby Digital Audio
So far so good!
Just get a ps4.
Snappy interface, 60 fps and my favorite: Headphone jack on remote.
This is the absolute creme of the crop!
I wish I had known this before buying
streaming comcast puts a 2" black band around the entire screen, reducing the screen size.
Problems with remote and private listening; otherwise it's great.
Cutting the cable, hold on just a minute...
Roku great for cable cutting, remote design terrible
No so fast, not as good as past models
Perfect but problems with Hulu
Horrible headphone jack
manual power cycle required
Choppy live video on YouTube TV, my Roku 4 works fine with same setup
Better Than Some TV Apps, but lacks browser
I'm free!!!! No longer a prisoner of cable/sattelite TV and contracts!!! YAY!!!!
Roku Ultra defect
Roku Ultra is the Way To Go
Shoulda gone with Roku Premier Plus (maybe);  Roku 4 series certainly has lousy quality
Get A Roku Box. Cut the cord!
The 2018 Model supports USB hard drives up to 2TB with out power adaptor
The Remote Will Make You Need Prozac
Batteries No Good!
This Roku has been very nice compared to the normal Spectrum cable controller and box
It will not load YouTube or YouTube TV
6 MONTH UPDATE - Over last 5 days, one error message & device failure after another
I cut cable!
Remote Sound Awful
Everything is great, except for the awful, awful remote.
Excellent Option for Cord Cutters - Best on the Market!!
Bought it for my mom
It's ok, but not great, has some serious design deficiencies
I LOVE IT!
Simple to use, works well
Great streaming device so long cable adios
... Apple TV and an Amazon Fire Stick to stream favorite apps like Netflix
Better than Amazon Fire TV
Roku sucks
Love it. Dumped Dish Network after 20 years and am very happy with Roku
Perfect for Months then An Update broke something.
Roku Ultra > FireTV
Roku Ultra- the current PBJ sammich!
Product has wireless issues when located near another Roku.  Tech Support is horrible?
ROKU Ultra + Ethernet port = Great!
Love ROKU features, hate remote battery drainage issues
Lots of errors and resets
Buying the best pays off when it comes to Roku!
Roku is the streaming player to beat
Good interface, pretty glitchy
Upgrade Your "Dumb" TV
Do not buy
Not as expected.
Worth the money- better than the stick
Really, REALLY close to perfect
Best streaming player inthe world!!
It feels good in hand
It works, but has an annoying problem.
A versatile multi-media streaming player.
Tremendous Value for Price
Unwilling to settle for stereo sound.
Fantastic way to cut the cable company out of my life.
Easy to use & find remote.  Great picture quality.
It is one of the best purchases I have made.
Best streaming device I've used so far!
Roku Ultra is as easy as it gets
Beware of known "Roku HDCP Issues"
The one to get! Great picture, snappy.
Multiple issues
OMG - This thing is awesome!
Problem with setup
Best streaming device
Greater Than Great
TV blinks out
One of the best things I've ever bought
Fast and awesome, except for playing some downloaded internet videos
Roku is still the industry standard for streaming
Great for weak wi fi signals
Roku Good... No Roku Bad
Great simple plug n play - hooked up using Ethernet perfect signal
It truly is time to cut the cord... (I swear, I don't work for DirectTV)
So great - I can't believe we waited to get this!
UNIT FAILS - ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE
I bought 2 new Roku Ultra 4K's HD to replace a roku 4 that died on the 5th month to the day, and a roku 3 that made it 3.5 years
Good streaming device...needs a major improvement
Major defect: Remote pairing continually fails
I also love the new screensaver that surprised me when it came on.
Roku Ultra - simply great
Support - pray you don't need it.
I love the Roku Ultra
This Roku Ultra is 100 times better than my old one
Should have bought into Roku YEARS ago
Much better than previous iterations which had been slowed down to ...
Great little box but remote is moody
Makes any TV smart & saves Spectrum fees
Works great.
Works good.  Plays from media server when internet goes out.
Easy to use and a great UI
Upgrade from old Roku, this is way better
Great device
Just Buy It - You Can't Go Wrong
Should have better customer support
Horrible Roku Tech Support; Terrible Device.
No sound on most videos when using Plex
I like the Roku compared to my previous generation Apple TV ...
Best Roku yet!
Useless Warranty Support
My only regret is not buying this sooner
Love the function and what the device offers
LOVE THE USB PORT
Subtle improvements over Roku 3, but all around better.
big improvement over my Roku 3 and Roku stick
Love this little device!
I should have purchased this sooner
User Preferrence
Works Great!!
Incredibly easy and intuitive to use
Great for Wirelessly Streaming Hi-Def Videos to my TV
Better than the older one....
Thoroughly enjoying the new Roku
I replaced my older 2nd gen roku box with this one & I love it!
Use with a programmable remote to get past the battery issue.
My favorite!
Great if you dont care about the HDCP 2.2 unauthorized error issues for 4K HDR content
Remote Looses Pairing but then Found it's actually the Ultra unit itself that looses pairing.
News Flash...Roku works!
Exactly what I've been looking for.
Love that this controls TV on/off and Volume.
Works so much better than my old Roku LT!
Two Big Penalties
Easiest Product Setup Experience Ever!
Great for cable cutters
Ultra (and it's a 2017 model)
I was totally random and pretty d*mn annoying
What streaming TV is all about.
No lag, extra features are so worth it
locks up, has to be reset every couple of days, junk
Roku Wins
Much better on 4K UHD than Roku 4
It was good, but...
Dolby Surround - NOT!
Indispensible for Streaming Content
Definitely Worth Buying Tired of Cable Overpricing
Cool and compact
Can't believe I waited so long.
Leaps and bounds above Fire TV
The best box out there, despite a few shortcomings
Excellent picture quality paired with LG OLED TV
Works Great With Most Streaming Services
Disappointed
Use roku ultra to reduce rentals of x1 Comcast  cable boxes
LOVE IT
Way better than FireTV
Best Features of any Smart Streaming Device Yet
ROKU Ultra with enhanced remote is worth every penny!  Voice search all streaming platforms and headphone option totally rocks!
they work great. So I decided to add one more TV ...
Good Replacement for Roku 2 XS
Why did I wait so long?
easy to set up and the new remote seems like ...
Great way to cut the cord.
Only lasted 4 months
Defective product
Just really awesome! Love the volume on remote and more!!
Way better than the Roku we used before
So glad to get rid of Cable
Top of the line ROKU is the best.
Nice, but voice not necessary.
the best streaming media player
Unreliable
No more buffering!
Best of the best
Roku rules them all.
Great if you don't have a smart TV
Great streaming media box!
GREAT STREAMING SOLUTION!
Game changer
death by over heating
The amount of entertainment and the variety offered on Roku is amazing.
Amazing Product
Love this. We are struggling to get the remote ...
Better than cable and free!
Roku opened up a whole new world of viewing options
Definitely recommend this for households with different bedtimes.
Not worth moving up to ultra.
BUY IT!  If you need a smart T.V., this is wonderful!
Simplified Media Life
Works much better and more reliably than the Amazon Fire Stick
Extremely easy to setup and use.
I would highly reccomend this new player to anyone in the market for a great streaming device
Roku only keeps getting better
Roku Got it Right
Easy and Versatile
Upgrade to Ultra
Okay, but has random "HDCP unauthorized" defect
Died after 7 months of light use
Must Get for Streamers
Love this roku, can I get a mute button?
I like there is a volume control on this Roku remote
Absolutely IN LOVE with my new Roku
I would recommend staying away from the refurbished models as it failed ...
The best of any streaming player out there
this roku is a great addition to my cable cord cutter hardware arsenal
How to fix the No Audio Problem!
Don't buy this!
Didn't like earlier Roku's, but love this unit
I also love, love the aquarium video that comes up every ...
Do upgrade if you are still on Roku 3 or older
ROKU Ultra is awesome
Excellent! Except for...
Money Saver
Absolutely love!
It is excellent device as overall . However , ..
Much better than android and Amazon alternatives
THIS IS THE SOLUTION TO CUTTING THE CORD!
Upgraded from Roku 3. Went from 2 remotes down to one!
Amazing system when it works
Lightening Fast With The Bells & Whistles.
Great Roku box...many improvements over previous versions!
Do not purchase this product for use with Directvnow. ...
Passes the mom test for easy to set up & use!
Cannot use it yet
Buy this
Good playback and lots of content.
I don't know or what causes the speed differences between 2017 version and 2016 version Roku Ultra but there is differences in s
Save up by Cutting the cord, Buy the Ultra
Worth the money!
Upgrade
One of the best purchases I?ve ever made
Just one annoying problem
This works well, I recommend this product
HDMI port selection
Will not do 802.11ac
This Roku is so easy to use
This works so much better than my older model
Simple Yet Effective
NEVER DOUBT, GREAT BUY
Freaking Fantastic...Enough Said!!!
Stopped communicating with the remote
Consistent WiFi connection and channel apps more stable.
I can't. stop. binge-watching.
It works!
Great Product with Super Easy Setup
Too many glitches/problems
You?ll love the fish tank screen saver
Best Streaming Device Used!
Roku streaming players, better than Smart TV functions!
fast!
Didn't do the one thing i needed it to do.
The Best Roku Yet
Don't buy it
I Really A Bit Surprised . . . PLEASANTLY!
Worth the $$
Great product.
Amazing difference
Very Happy Camper
The Roku has a beautiful picture, but it keeps hijacking my tv
Have to reboot often.
Roku is the way to go,  say adios to price gouging cable and satellite companies!!!
Meh
Try this before you buy any other streaming device
Fabulous!
Flawless device
Upgraded to this from a Roku 2. Huge difference ...
Great system
Top of the line Roku and well worth it.
Great product
Goodbye Cable Bill!
LOVE IT!
Does not have a web browser.
disappointed
You will love this purchase. Great value.
This device is awesome! Not only are we saving $7 per month ...
Roku Ultra 4K Rocks
Perfect Box but doesn't come with newer HDMI cable. The cable is one of most important parts due to HDCP 2.2.
A little pricey but nice unit
Awesome!! "All that and a bag of chips
Love it
ROKU Ultra
No more lost remote. ??
So far so good
Easy and works!
Extremely easy to set up and easy to use.
The best!
Run just about any streaming media app from the internet.
Super impressed
upgraded from an older Roku box - we love it. It didn't like the 4K on my ...
Great money saver. No more cable.
great streaming box
The best of the best for cable cutters!
Not Shouting At The TV Anymore
I own two so I guess I would buy it again.
As advertised
I was amazed at how easy the Roku was to setup.
Voice command not as useful as its implied to be
Works just like they claim.
Perpetual battery drain
Possibly a path to cutting cable tv
Worth every penny!
Good, yet crappy :-(
So glad I upgraded!
Great unit, but the remote is a little weird
Roku Ultra | 4K/HDR/HD streaming player is an excellent addition to my Roku family
Great upgrade
Great for Streaming
Replacement for original Roku
All I Can Say is 'Amazing!'.
Works great for streaming Hulu
A better Roku
Upgrade totally worth it!
Best streaming box!
Best Roku and Best Streaming Device for $100
Works great
Great connection and a 4K picture
Get this and you will never regret it!
known glitch - sound cuts out for a second or two. Purple screen - HDCP 2.2
Awesome unit
Roku Ultra allows volume control.
Five Stars
Best all around streaming device.
Best Roku device ever!
Great overall streaming device!
Works well but programs are limited outside of North America
tops
Best streamer I've ever used.
Remote does not work properly
Easy to Use
Great product, but doesn't include HDMI cable that's necessary to plug into your TV
Really good, but volume is a little concern
I am very happy with how much faster this one handles searches
Will not recognize 4K ports on a new Sony 4K tv.
changed the reset sound which is now much better, older one annoying
Excellent streaming device
We love this new Roku...
Awesome device, great price, good picture quality.
BUGGY
Go Wings
Great price, fast and responsive interface, minor bug here or there
Roku 4K is Ultra
Snappy playback and interaction without audio lag
Awesome channel selection!!!!!!
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Remote headphone jack does not work
Up and running witin just minutes !!
This is a really good product in every respect
Great TV Box ... The Best
Do not buy this refurbished model
Great Features
4k works beautifully.
I want one in every room
Works Great, Remote Not so Much
Roku is the Best
pretty nice.
Worth the cost for me
Love it
FAST!
Easy set up.
Love it
Roku Ultra | 4K/HDR/HD streaming player with... Roku, Inc.
Roku Ultra is great when it works
Easy improvement
Big upgrade from the older Roku stick I have been using.
I recommend the Roku
Plays videos smoothly
I absolutely LOVE the volume control and TV control as well as ...
Best roku yet
Excellent device! If you are really committed to cutting ...
Number one
Enhanced remote voice flow needs work.
Great Product
? Tv content is wonderful great and enormous choices
... purchase and I have to say this is my favorite one so far
This is the best version yet.
Cable cutters best choice
The centerpiece to my tv experience
Creme de la creme
Best of all streaming devices
Love, love, love it!
I love our Roku
Intuitive to Use.
Allows me to enjoy streaming movies and tv and I don't feel like I'm losing out. Roku is free offers zillions of options.
I've always really liked the Roku systems over other manufacturers streaming players
This is such a great device, quick to load
It works great for 3 years and then I started having problems ...
When switching video content resolutions, it often blanked out ...
Fast processor, great picture.
Much better performance
Provides your basic streaming needs
Freaky Fast
Extremely High Quality
I like it!
Glad I purchased Roku Ultra
This Roku is great!
Fantastic
Best product!
... it even comes with a screen saver aquarium that's awesome. Has dedicated buttons for Netflix
Works well both wired and wireless
Five Stars
WOW - Best TV ever
The Best
You?re looking at number one
Great investment for PS Vue watchers
For 4k TV's
Five Stars
Top streaming device
Roku is still relevant!
LOVE THIS! I have an older model Roku in ...
Roku ultra more than worth the money!
The gold standard in streaming
Great
I have been waiting years to have a single remote ...
but i liked it, it was what i wanted
Reliability
The best streaming device, for sure.
unit was great while it lasted, but didn't last very long.
This is the best thing ever
best Roku on the market well worth the price
Better than the competition
Excellent device that is easy to use and easy to ...
It is the quickest Roku to date.
Awesome product headphone kills batteries tho
Was easy to set up and is easy to navigate
Truly Love it!
Worth the upgrade!!
dont bother
I love this damned thing
Great streamer
The Best
Set-up a cinch; huge numbers of channels and sources.
I love this
Great product
Works great
Great products. Can't go wrong with Roku
Amazing prodcut!
Great buy
Quality Control Issues
Love my roku
Highly recommended for cord cutters, and PLEX users
Super fast and Super picture
Best Streaming Device out There
Streaming experience par excellence !
Very good player. I got this as it has a headphone jack so I can listen privately.
Love It ??
SAVE YOUR MONEY
Stops working after 6 or so months
Love our Roku!
Remote with headphones feature is great
I am very happy with this Roku
Roku went out after 11 months
Very cool aquarium screensaver
Don't buy if you want for the headphone jack as it was most disapointing.
... live in a very rural area with not the best WiFi. Have never been able to watch Hulu ...
What's not to like?
Replaced FireTv box for YouTube
Works Great!
Get if you hate live tv sync
Roku loses hdmi connectivity
excellent product
Cooler unit
Good Device
Roku is excellent product for streaming TV
This thing is amazing
Works great
Easy Setup
works great
I love the Roku
Works great in our media room
hardware undependable, Roku has very poor customer service
Love all my Roku's this one is my fav.
Absolutely love it!
Better than the Amazon Fire TV
Great Product for the Price
Love the Roku - only issue I have is that ...
Love watching my TV/iPad
like the emails on updates/new apps
Roku Ultra Unit
Great features
Convenient and easy to use
Roku
Fantastic
Gave us access to our SF Giants!
Love the picture and speed of opreation
Goodbye FireTV, I found something better!!!
Turn TV on/off & control volume
Great interface.
Love My Roku
Content is terrific, but user experience and Interface lacking
Night listening mode is great
Upgraded to Ultra - Such a big diffference in quality! It's great!
Hooking up 4K limited on most tv?s to 1 HMDI follow directions closely
We are very happy with the device
Best Roku Yet
Even better than my Roku Stick
I live and die by this thing
Love this Roku for our 4k TV's!
Couldn't be happier. Easy to use the interface
Mixed results
Tv
Looks like a return
Good Speed Increase with a Great Remote
fast, friendly and only replaces tv remote also
Magic Box
Hard on batteries
Cut the cable!
Works great, the new 8
Fast and reliable
Another great roku product.
The roku ultra is definitely worth trading up to it's ...
Remote issues at first - Now works well
and I am pleased but navigation is difficult to me
Watch a Roku Review
Versatile!
Still learning all the ins and outs of streaming TV but so far so good. Also saving $60/month by streaming over internet
Great
No good with YouTube TV
Great unit!
Easy, crisp entertainment
The best streaming device out there
You can't voice search within apps like netflix or amazon
Roku makes it so easy to move between all of our channels
So far, a very nice way to break from cable
great upgrade
Awesome and amazing.
Best Roku yet
HDCP Unathorized.
Each have to have trouble syncing the 4 digit codes which take repeated attempts ( 4 or 5) but after that all seems to work fine. Bought the Roku?s to cut the cable fro ...
This is a great streaming device
Enjoy the Olympics with your Roku!
Upgrade if you have an older model
really easy to setup and
Extremely satisfying.
No regrets
Cutting the cord!!!
Almost flawless item, electronics wise that is..
I prefer this to my Apple TV and my Fire TV
Buy it!
love it
The picture quality which wasn't bad at all from my Roku3
Love it
Love the Roku
Remote battery needs improvement
WAKANDA FOREVER
Love it.
Roku Rocks!
Works great! Just as easy to set up as previous ...
Very happy so far
Love it
Can't get any better than this
Make sure you have a high upload speed
What a difference it makes
Where are my ear phones?
Great Product
Incredibly, I am returning this for the most inane ...
It's the best streaming tool I have ever seen, and the remote finder is an awesome thing too!
Great Choice
Another home run with Roku.
Flawed product
Works like a charm
I love my Roku
... TV controller as well as Roku functions which is nice. I don't like the voice control button being ...
Finally great streaming!
if you have a good router you deserve this
Roku Media Player is lame
Love the update
Buy it
Perfect ROKU for 4K and HDR
Very User Friendly interface that provides 4K picture quality
As my first Roku it delivers far better than expected
It's the best! All the Roku's I have do the job
Nice Unit (That's what she said)
Five Stars
Easy to set up and use.
Great streamer and honestly the remote is worth the extra ...
Great update
Brilliant!
Best Option Yet!
This is the one! You can place the unit ...
Five Stars
this is a great product and easily installed
Fast processor, but very buggy .
I love the voice search when you're within the Roku platform
Cut the cable bill!
Volume control on side is a nice feature.
Perfect player.
Quick payback over Spectrum box - universal remote
Love the ability to use a single remote now
Never turns off which will keep streaming when not in use.
Love it.
Happy
Setup was easy. Had a little bit of trouble syncing the ...
it works just fine!
This is one great streaming device
If it syncs with your TV you will be fine, if not
Three Stars
No problems...
Powerful streaming device
This is better - They improve on it constantly
Great buy, EASY set up!
Love it!
Works Great!
Five Stars
Expected better.
HDCP unauthorized error
Terrific Product--Much Better Than Firestick!
The best Roku yet.
Product works great at 1080P
Better than fire stick or tv
Five Stars
It works
New remote is great. Being able to control power and volume is ...
so far a very good device and its fast
A great streaming device.
Best RoKu yet!!
Roku Works When it Feels Like it
Love Roku Ultra. It's everything you need in a streamer. You can't go wrong.
Perfect
Producto de calidad
Electronics Roku good buy for the money
Fast and smooth
Response time, Interface
Near Perfect
Works As Advertised
roku ultra is just great!! streaming device
Needed another Roku
You will like this
Love that the remote now controls the power and volume ...
Great roku for streaming on Ethernet.
You stream, I stream we all stream with Roku!
Nice quality.
It?s  ok
I like the screen saver on the Roku Ultra
Sometimes it reboots by it self (maybe once a week) ...
Works great.
Love it
I had satellite TB and was paying five times as ...
Awesome
Wow!
Great product
Reliable solution for cutting cable TV
The best of the streaming devices
Roku does the trick
I use one streamer choice ...  ROKU !!!
Get it.
Read this
Movies
All in one unit
LOVE IT!
Easy install and set up
Excellent Choice
I prefer this over the other roku choices,
ROKU Rocks!
I eliminated my satellite dish!
Super features and functionality, with a few shortcomings (room for improvement)
Network port made the difference
Love this little streamer.
Love my Roku
Love my Roku Ultra
Easy.  Reliable.
Entertainment King
Mom loves it.
Five Stars
Easy to set up.
installs quickly
Got to have the 4K
Good product.
Best streaming device I've ver used.
i enjoy the many options it offers
Fast and easy to use
Great device. I have the least expensive internet at ...
Love the product
Sweet Deal
You will enjoy it
5 Star Product!
Works ok
WASTE
Great device! Improved greatly from XS.
Intermittent HDCP issues
i have good internet through a powerline AV
we added this to our tv and love streaming all our favorite movies
Biggest Weakness By Far Is The Remote
Very pleased
Reliable
We chose the Roku Ultra after testing the most popular competitors
Great streamer
I have two and these greatly outperform apple tv and ...
Decent device
Great roku not sure 100$ great.
The best
Needs work
Best on the market
Great product
I love my Roku
I especially like the ear phones and voice search
Horrible experience
This was my second Roku I have purchased. Just ...
Would be definitely recommend the product
It is an excellent supplement for
As good as the hype!
Nice box but has limitations with USB hard disks and overseas usage
The format is easy to use
Easy setup.
Great present
Love Love Love
This is the most impressive device!
So much better than my DVD player
better controller, volume buttons from Roku controller work on ...
Worth it
Rokus are great!
My new habit
Good bye $300 monthly cable bill
Happy with ease of use.
Only Roku!
Five Stars
I love that I can get a mount to place the ...
Might not be able to controll your soundsystem volume
GREAT PRODUCT BUT??
All good
Glad I got this
A Wonderful Devise
Easy to use.
Buy it if you need it
Stopped working
Comfortable with headphones
I love my Roku
Our second roku. Purchased the new model to replace ...
Great product!
Not very happy with this product
I like it!
Easy to set up
Just like a regular tv remote
Much improved
Free stuff isn?t all that great. You end up having to pay someone for a subscription.
Five Stars
She loves her Roku
Great solution for streaming.
Great purchase!!!!
Worth your money.
Four Stars
Five Stars
go big or go home, wife loves the find ...
Five Stars
ideal
great streamer
Simply amazing the difference which is light years better
Great Prodduct
Smaller and runs cooler than Roku4
Works great. Love the idea of headphones on the remote
Great player
The best Roku yet!
these are great, don't know why its so much more to ...
It's great
Strong buy for the money!!
So good I bought two and gave two away as gifts.
Nice
Would buy again.
As Expected
Low tech cord cutters dream
Works great
It is a pretty good media player that handle easy 4k content without ...
Good price
Stream TV
AWSOM!
Yep
This is the best I have owned
Five Stars
Excellent product
... use Roku to replace our cable and are very pleased with the viewing choices
Love the REMOTE from the ultra
Great product
It?s working great so far it?s new
Four Stars
Fast...
Roku code Deluxe earbud function
This unit works a lot better than the Roku 2 and the remote is much ...
Great
Well worth the additional cost.
Five Stars
Was exactly what I wanted
very satisfied with the product
So far so good taking a bit to figure out but enjoying the
Good value
Great streaming player
FAVORITE
was on sale from roku 30.00 less
Another Roku hit
Easy Setup and So Many Apps Available!
Fast shipping
Five Stars
The easy set up
Great for cutting your cable/satellite cord/bill
Four Stars
Way better than Fire TV
Nice
Love It
Loving Roku Ultra
Love it. Have six of them
Two Stars
Awesome
Five Stars
Very Cool Aquarium Screen Saver!
Great Value!
Roku with headphone jack is the best!
Five Stars
Spend the few extra bucks and get this bad boy.
Great!
Great platform
Better than cable!!
Five Stars
Works great.
Roku - Ever More Refined
Five Stars
Worth the price
You have to buy an additional cable to connect this ROKU device to your TV.
Five Stars
Great product
great video streaming device
Great
It works great. I love the ease of use
control
much better graphics than the old stick we had
Great
Roku is better than fire stick
fast shipping
Easy peasy!
Good
Can't use Kodi :/
Five Stars
Remote find feature
I love it. Nice fish in an ocean scene for ...
Working really well, good product!! ? ? ?
Five Stars
Gets the job done would recommend for a no frills experience.
So far I have loved the new
Five Stars
Great streamer, horrible customer service
Perfect
Faster than older versions
Beautiful 4K playback
A great little unit
Almost 100%, 99.5%
My favorite streaming device.
Best Purchase Ever!
Great product! Seriously.
I have so many issues, it seems to heat ...
Works great, easy to setup.
Four Stars
ROKU Ultra Overview
It is a very fast streaming player and I recommend it.
Don't hesitate, buy this version of the Roku
Roku Does It Again.
Five Stars
Great Option for your TV
Do not buy Roku!
Terrific upgrade over previous generation
Great product
Great Value
Freat Product
I got a love/hate relationship with this Roku and how it works with my Sony TV
Five Stars
Love cutting cable cord
n/a
Five Stars
Superb item
Love it more than my Roku 3
connectivity issues
If you have a Roku 2 time to upgrade
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it
Worked great.
Five Stars
New tech
Horrible bugs with 4K/60p/Deep Color
Five Stars
Five Stars
Roku Ultra works great with 4k OLED TV
ROKU rocks!
Five Stars
Great
It is MUCH faster than the apple tv and more ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect for streaming
Five Stars
Very good with youtube TV
I LOVE MY ROKU! No more cable!
Watch prime shows with Roku!
They are the market leader for a reason
Great product, easy to set up and use
Five Stars
Great product
Does have limitations
Good range and smooth streaming
Easy install
Easy buy, get one.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Dependable and easy to use
Easy to use
Awesome quality. Delivering superb experience as always.
Five Stars
Roku to Projector via Onkyo TX-NR838
Cut the cable!
Great Value
Don?t buy if you want internet streaming.
Buy
Cut the cord!
Five Stars
Awsome 4K when available.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
No regrets at all, my best purchase on Amazon yet!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Network set up was easy. Operates fast
Five Stars
Works great, easy to install
Would recommend
Five Stars
Simply the best!
Nice upgrade from Roku 3
Works Great!
Excellent product.
Five Stars
Roku
No more spinning on the Wi-Fi network. Constant connection
Try it! There?s no going back!
The HD is great on this Roku Ultra
Must Have to turn your TV into a Smart TV!
This one works great Thanks.
These things make Cable and Satellite Television obsolete
Good product so far!
Five Stars
No more buffering!
Five Stars
Works good!
Five Stars
Great for DirecTV Now and Spectrum TV Choice
Five Stars
Great device, not one glitch in hundreds of hours ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Set up was fast and easy. Works perfectly and has a great user interface
... this for my home theater system and it works beautifully.
Five Stars
The control is very comfortable compared to my fire stick
Five Stars
Five Stars
The future is here, cut the cable!
Five Stars
Easy installation
Roku
Works great
Great picture quality
Five Stars
My favorite way to stream tv!
Perfect device. Wish it supported KODI
Most powerful model to date
Works great
A+
Five Stars
Five Stars
Make sure everything works
Five Stars
Bring in the web and ditch cable and equipment charges.
Great unit but beware the curse of DRM.
Great streaming player
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buen Stream tv
Great selection of 4K HDR Dolby Atmos titles!
Five Stars
As described.
Four Stars
Value & quality for the money
Reliable and easy to use product
Five Stars
Great product
Awesome product
Five Stars
Very easy yo use.
We like is so much
BEST INVESTMENT!!!!
External media streaming services are good, but local media playback is not :/
Five Stars
Get a Roku
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love my Roku Ultra!
Five Stars
Control TV and Screen Saver.
Unreliable True 4k Playback
Five Stars
Needed to upgrade to eliminate satellite TV = very happy with it
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Roku ultra is so easy to use
Five Stars
Always have something to watch!
Five Stars
Easy to use
Free yourself from expensive cable tv
Nice unit.
Best roku.
Five Stars
awesome
Great features
FAST SH
Simply the best period!
Flawless, Fast, Inutitive
Great product
Five Stars
Who needs cable
Buffering time
Awesome streaming device, Roku Ultra!
Great Product Easy Installation
2 stars for 4 months of use, sadly
Works just what is said
It's easy to install!
A Pleasant Step Up
Ease of use
EMACULATE
Five Stars
Love this remote!
Excellent for downloading apps on non smart TV's
This item works as expected.
Easy to use
Easy to use and quick access to many movie apps ...
Great way to cut the cable
Would be a great product, IF it worked.
Five Stars
Roku is a great product
Real happy with the Roku Ultra!
Great
Easy to set up and easy to use.
It's perfect for my kids, and for me using Plex Media Server
Does not work with some Devices
Easy of setup and the fact that it delivers the shows I want.
Five Stars
Good, with flaws
It's very good, except for the remote.
Jury is still out
Five Stars
I LOVE this Roku setup!!!
Credit Card fiasco but device okay
Stream with Roku!
Very Nice Unit
Ultra Is a Dog
Five Stars
Wonderful. Coupled with Netflix
If you ain?t streaming, you?re throwing money away.
HBO and Showtime thru Amazon Prime and could not be happier. Have my Fox News and Fox Business and ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love this new model
GREAT DEVICE. Sophomoric remote.
nothing but isssues with roku
Five Stars
it feels so good to be able to stream and save about $100/mo ...
Love it
Roku is the best streaming device available on the market right now
Headphone jack doesn?t work after 2 weeks.
Great
Five Stars
Best purchae ever!!
Worth every penny.
Best Roku yet!
Five Stars
Quality in all
They like it very much
It works!
Good quality sound and picture
Excellent Quality Item
Very good product don't need to have satellite any more with ...
Works great. No issues whatsoever
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent choice for Cord-Cutting
Bought for my wife she loves so easy to use and set up was easy
High speed HDMI cable is needed
ROKU much better than Apple TV
It set up free from the cord.
Five Stars
Great media player
Love being able to search across multiple streaming apps
Great! Much cheaper than Cable!
Really very bad choice
Five Stars
Happy happy happy
Excellent choio
Easy to use
Very good but not perfect
Five Stars
Piece of shat!
Unimpressed
Works great
Roku Ultra on Wireless network fail (not fully implemented)...don't waste your time
Love it
Does what is expected.
How to save money on your cable bill!
Four Stars
My go-to streaming device - If I had to choose just one, I would go with this one
Five Stars
A Serious Money-saving Device
very pleased
Clean design and nice UI. No issues so far
... right on time for our vacation and was so useful! It helped relieve the stress of traveling with ...
... but the speed and picture quality are a lot better than previous models
Roku
Considering returning it to Amazon for a replacement as Roku ...
tv adapter for streaming
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth the upgrade
Work great
If it's time to upgrade your Roku, get this one
Keep going you can work it out?
damn dissapointed
Roku with remote
great
Four Stars
Way Better than Amazon stick!
Best roku so far.
Five Stars
Just OK ..
Great Roku
Five Stars
Five Stars
Roku Rocks!!!
Best Streaming Box to Buy!
Five Stars
Worth it.
Great picture
Simply awesom.
Five Stars
HDCP Unauthorized. HDCP Unauthorized. HDCP Unauthorized.  Gave up.
Five Stars
Great.
https: //www. amazon.
Not able to use comcast account to access local channels
Great product. I had no issues so far since ...
Very pleased with this unit although I wish it had a toslink output like the 2016 model
Night listening mode doesn't seem to work but we still like it...
Nice UI. Easy to set up
Perfect product
Remote ease of use with earphone and volume control is a great feature. Device delivers high quality audio and video
Five Stars
love this for watching the variety of channels
Good Unit with Badly Designed Remote
So far I am satisfied with this box
Roku Rocks
A real bargain by definition....good item, good price.
Great way to watch Netflix and other apps/games
All that u need
I am very happy with it
Awesome for streaming.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cut the cord
What?s not to like?
Excellent, should have done this a long time ago
Content Unauthorized
So far my Rocu has done a great job. At 54 I wasn?t sure what to ...
... player for 5 months now and it is a great value and you will find that it has most ...
Movie
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works buggy U.I & apps
Great item!
Five Stars
quick access to amazon prime, netflix, fox news
Five Stars
Good product
5-star
BBC iPlayer does not work
In today's age, things should be easier than this.
Well it was refurbished apparently. Wish I knew that.
Not worth the extra money
Ok I Guess
We have had problems with the voices syncing with actors ...
Five Stars
Works excellent.
Great Device-Once you get a good one!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
VOICE SEARCH FROM REMOTE..
This is the streaming device I have been waiting for!
Very easy set up
Four Stars
So easy to install and operate. I am technology challenged. I was able to set up all three tv's myself, that's how easy it is to
Love the ROKU
Great product
Four Stars
Good by cable hello saving money
Top of the line
Excellent product
Cut the cable service
Very easy to use
Five Stars
Super fast
ROKU box is an affordable item
love the voice remote
Five Stars
Great product
Great updated roku
I love it
The Best of them all.
Occasionally the picture quality isn't very good. Some apps require an internet provider (succh as ...
Roku....nothing better yet!
Mistaken version
Very Happy with My Roku Ultra
Five Stars
Roku Unit
Five Stars
https: //www. amazon.
Five Stars
The quality was a given. What I love is.........
Roku is the best streamer. hands down
No real improvement over previous model.
Five Stars
Bad remote.
Five Stars
Good Product
Not sure why but had ALOT of buffering with video ...
Five Stars
Streaming Heaven!
Re-boot
Five Stars
Four Stars
A Great Streaming Video Device for the Money and a Joy to Use.  Highly recommend it over the Apple TV (at double the price).
I owned a Roku which I was very happy with, however when the ultra came out I ...
Easy to use and excellent operation.
Great purchase.  Lots of options for watching tv.  Lots free, some subscriptions.  Works great.
Roku device is great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works as advertised
Five Stars
Happy TV times ahead ?
great price, item as described
Amazing
Five Stars
Can?t go wrong with Roku
Five Stars
easy to install
I love the product
Great deal.
Five Stars
5-May
Works well
Four Stars
Five Stars
Warning!!!!! If you go online ...
Flawless Victory
Not as good as I hoped.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Get it
Works great
?
Always On
Awesome Streaming Device
Multiple bad Roku Ultras and bad customer support
very pleased with product
Avoid buying this device
Three Stars
Needs a fix for PSVue!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Item does not like Samsung Smart TV's
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Hdcp unauthorized
CHEATING
In the past I've purchased every kind of headset including TV Ears and nothing was comfortable. I use a transcription headset (Spectra SP-PC for ...
My favorite thing is the night listening feature
Love it.
No extra cost unless you choose.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This isn't my first Roku and it's great as usual except ONE BIG PROBLEM
It?s great...recommended!
Excellent stuff
I love that unit
Great for 1080P - horrible for 4K/HEVC
Works
Five Stars
No great leap forward
It Does Not Work Zero Customer Service
Best Roku Ive purchased to date.
Great for Overnight Family Guest
Five Stars
Go Firestick or Apple TV
Good product.
permitting you to easily access the least expensive option
Cable Cutter Extraordinair!
?
Five Stars
4K UHD and HDR capability, lots of channels to choose from
Some parts better than Roku 3, some parts worse.
Five Stars
I really like the Roku's interface and the fact that you can ...
Five Stars
We cut the cable and so far, so good!
Five Stars
An Excellent Option for Cord-Cutters
One box to rule them all.
Best streaming.
Great product
Pretty Good
Works well!
A nearly flawless streaming player.
Works well, very fast
Get the best, buy a Roku
Easy to use and supports most all streaming channels.
Not my favorite streaming device
Buy Roku
Doesn't work out of the box, my XS did.....
The ROKU Ultra interface was horrible, compared to Fire TV
Remote burns through batteries within a month
Bought this to replace my Roku3 when I upgraded my ...
and this one is the best. The headphones work great
I really hate this machine
I like the fact that the Ultra has power and volume ...
Works great. Upscales all non native 4K content pretty well
Perfect streaming device! Worth the money!
Great decision I made and the Roku has worked perfectly ...
Excellent Product
So far so good.
Amazing product.
Just Outstanding
Much better than Roku 3
UPDATE: Audio and Video badly out of sync
No memory in Roku
Love My Roku
Back to Direct T.V. I go.
More Frustrating that the our Smart TV apps
You pay top dollar to have their "partners" sell you crap that you don't want in the "interface
Love that it has so many channels and also allows ...
Most amazing set top streaming device.
Problem with pause and play.
Broken and no support
Keep a watch for your extended warranty to arrive..
HDR doesn't work despite correct equipment.
glitching and no audio out
Roku is the best way to stream
I like it, but
Extremely easy to set up and use
Everything I hoped for
Fantastic
Love the 4K resolution
It's honestly great! Easy to find shows
Wow, why didn't we get a Roku earlier? ...
Can't go wrong with Roku
I love Roku products
The New Rouku is a Giant Step up from the ...
Would not recommend.
Great picture and streaning
New Roku fan
This little box is fantastic! They finally added a power button and IR ...
Amazing 4k
No Dolby 5.1
Five Stars
Easy to install. Easy to set up. Easy to use.
Great, but I have a wishlist.
Roku  Solves our Buffering Problem with Sony / Netflix plus more
Miss Leading Photo, Buttons changed from HBO to CBS
Fast streaming, fair price
Roku was very easy to set up
Started having an issue with HDCP cable saying it wasn't connected or it was a bad cable.
The best ROKU device to-date
Great upgrade
Great streaming. No problems once we added a SD ...
Amazing 4K streaming
As you can see double screen display, garbage
Useless
The hardware is stupid-proof but the service is subpar.
Dependability
The quality of 4K content on my new 4K TV is great! I like the remote because it's intuitive and ...
Received device about a week ago have been enjoying the ...
... some apps sometimes and cant add what I need like ipvanish and cant figure out how to turn on ...
Love our Roku Ultra device and bought a 2nd one for the house.
Outstanding video streaming device. Very easy to set up and use. Highly recommended.
Couldn't really ask for nothing more.
Ugh!
Not happy! My last roku lasted several
Freezes & Reboots, Should have added a fan!?
Really great device and alternative to cable with one major flaw ...
One Star
Best Roku to date!
Worked 3 times then couldn?t get it to turn on.
I like the speed of operation
Five Stars
Far more stable than my Fire Tv's
Great general streaming device
The best audio/electronics device for the money!
Love the new remote!
Earplugs and volume control lead to a quiter home!
It is the best.
Easy access to USB media
10 out of 10 would recommend
Very please with my Roku
Hands down best product. I switched from Apple TV to the ...
So far great
Better than a new tv
They love it!
Love it
I highly recommend it, especially if you are looking to cut cable
Same Roku quality with improvements.
I have three ROKUs that I have bought over the ...
Best streaming experience
Content, Content, Content.
Works great I don't have to deal with cable companies
Reboot if HDMI doesn't connect
Very good streaming quality.
Roku
Outstanding!!
The best Roku model yet
ONE OF THE BEST.
This Ultra unit works great and has plenty of WIFI signal
Works consistently well
I hate it. It is too difficult to use
If you aren't the most TECH Savy tech-weenie on the block, ROKU ULTRA is a no-brainer.
Five Stars
Defective Headphone Jack
a bust
A complete waste of hard earned dollars
Great product!
I dislike the way channels / apps are designed and set ...
Love this product.
Not impressed,so far!
Love the ROKU GUI
Excellent, I had the Roku 3
easy to set up
Cutting the cable if my wife will let me, This is my streaming device.
Easy to use and so many things to watch! I have told my friends, and they all love it too?
Five Stars
Christmas present hit!
I bought this for the 4k support. They have ...
Five Stars
Very Good product. I bought it because my smart tv
Great product just needs a little tweak for audio.
This is definitely the best upgrade. Love
This remote control is pretty awesome! Except it would be way better if ...
It's super easy to set up and use
No problems so far
Great remote
Stream Away...
works great
Definitely what we were looking for in our attempt to ...
Works great, easy to use
I love ROKU but the bugs need to be worked out ...
User friendly but lacks a decent free of charge webbrowser. Doesn't play some HEVC files
Great with Ultra HD TV
So, I've had the Roku almost two months and ...
This is the player you're looking for
I got it for free, sort of
I installed an antenna on my roof wherefrom I get like 50 local channels
Nice way to get more viewing options of TV series
excellent streaming internet player
Not ready, too many issues
Great, but could be improved.
I love it.
18885562991
Defective Product
Love this new Roku
"Have it your way"  NOT...
Nearly perfect
So glad we ditched cable
LAN capable, transportable.
The Roku for the traveler
Great 4K video.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I enjoy using this Roku
Not perfect but faster and less buggy than the cheaper models
Easy to use and the picture is outstanding
Easy to use
Great unit but it does not pass 1080i signal properly.
Works
Great Product
Best model yet!
Puts my Apple TV to shame...
Incredibly easy to use
More Memory & CPU
Five Stars
This is a lot of money for a peace of garbage.
UPDATED Aug1 2018 : It EATS so much data!!!
We love the new remote
Love it
All electronics sould be this simple
I love two features about this
Very good product.
Easy to use
Five Stars
Love it!
Screen flicker
Cut the coard and buy Roku
I love this streaming player
Fantastic
Works like a
I've owned previous models of Roku before and loved it. My only complaint with the other models ...
Cable free Almost !!!
Just don't
Five Stars
... the place of a blue-ray player and works far superior to the other
Easy to Install
Cut the cable cord using Roku!
Five Stars
It just works!
Very disappointing
Five Stars
Five Stars
this is a LEMON
easy setup. Has AC wireless
Five Stars
Product is stalling while competition is improving
Great quality!
Excellent have one on every tv in house.
Very bad issues with hdcp 2
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Works great! Cable cutting in process
Five Stars
quality of picture and sound
No more trouble streaming
Five Stars
Not reliable
Great product.
It truly is the best video streaming system
Great improvements over Roku 3.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I like it...mostly
Five Stars
Five Stars
The remote has a port for head phones or ear buds.
Five Stars
i like this roku alot
ROKU is the Best Streaming Device Available
Five Stars
Simply the best, I love how I can control my Roku
Five Stars
Great Streaming Product!
Could this possibly be more annoying?
Worth every penny for this upgrade.
The Best
Roku is Great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unresolved HDCP error is deal breaker
Works great! Buying a second one
I don't understand the good reviews for this product
Easy set up within minutes out of the box
Way cheaper than cable. It took a few days ...
great picture, and tons of apps
Five Stars
Five Stars
Better features and faster speeds
Just get this one
Headphone System Doesn't Work
this works great, If I get any more 4k TVs or any tv
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Picture not as good as Roku 3 on a Sharp 720P LCD TV
Five Stars
Another great update from Roku
Great streaming device!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Streamer
A Good Streaming Player
Four Stars
The best thing about this newer roku is the earphone connection ...
Works as promised, but you must have good internet.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Better!
Warning: You need to have a high speed HDMI cord to connect this to your TV
Works perfectly!
I previously had a streaming stick and was happy with the product
Great new Roku with best remote yet.
I love it.
The ultra is awesome!! The only bad thing I can say ...
Five Stars
I like that I can use the Roku remote to turn ...
Five Stars
Excellent streaming device.
The Roku is a great product. It streams flawlessly
Great replacement for our old Roku!
Hard to review
but so far quite disappointed. Update: I was able to get customer support over the phone and was able to resolve the issue. The
a
Great picture quality,
Easy to use
No more cable
Five Stars
Nice addition to my T.V. viewing options.
NO MUTE BUTTON.
Solid streamer
Five Stars
Was very easy to set up and the speed
I had a popping sound that started a week into ...
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Difficulties with audio support during setup.
Five Stars
Good for the price can't complain
Easy to setup
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent product, reasonably priced.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Avoid the poor house.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
So Good.
Also the stupid remote also creates it's own wifi connection to the ...
Great Device
Impressive
Hardware is great for Cord Cutters, BUT...
Wastes internet bandwidth
Five Stars
It's awesome!
Not ready for Prime Time. Does not stay connected ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good product with very limited support in Asia, including for authorized content.
Four Stars
Great shows
Make sure all equiptment is compatable.
Bought the Roku Ultra to replace a 10 year old ...
Not as advertised
Five Stars
I'm extremely pleased with its performance
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Can't Play My MKVs -- Soooo Disappointing
Five Stars
plus the headset audio jack on the remote controller are very good features. I also purchased the Ultra ROKU because ...
Poor Support/Software
"DEATH IS ONLY THE BEGINNING" - 1ST NO HDMI CABLE -THEN A SETUP ORDEAL FROM A HORROR FILM
So wanted this to work
anything after Roku 3 is not worth buying
Caution! All is not as it seems.
Excellent, but needs a TV source or Input button
Falling behind Android TV in content and quality.
One Star
Roku continues to muck around with your network!
Works fine, so FAR
ROKU ULTRA IS JUNK
Im glad I can no longer return it
One Star
It's great. Remote has tiny hiccups. The main downside is apps.
average picture quality
no way to get working remote
DEFECTIVE OUT OF THE BOX
Rebooting by itself.
Junk
Very disappointed.
Bad experience to purchase Roku Ultra
The finest Roku produced to date
Bought Amazon tv stick and works great. Missed chance to return it
One Star
If the device doesn't "just work" throw it in the garbage because you will spend a significant amount of time ...
still the best
Unit would not stay paired with remote. Would disconnect after 5-10 minutes.
Three Stars
These test are are a waste of time for the problems I?m experiencing
Can't shut down WIFI connectivity
Great streaming device.
I have one word for it......Awesome!!!!!!!!
STOP LOOKING !!!!!!
made by the worst company and product quality
Love it!
Far superior to the Fire Box in every way
Great
A enet browser would be a great addition. Could download on a software update or ...
Great product.
Great product!
Four Stars
you will not be disappointed. Love mine
Good purchase!
No buffering...fast!
If you think you are going to stream 4k from say Netflix good luck here's what you need in addition to this ...
Five Stars
I WILL NEVER BUY ONE AGAIN
It worked great, paired easy
One Star
No bluetooth feature?!
Roku has exceeded my expectation on with this one.
Perfect.
Annoying advertisements
Five Stars
No mute button on the remote means you still need to keep the TV remote around
Four Stars
Glitchy
Very disappointed we could NOT install Amazon
Never thought I'd see deceptive sales from Amazon... I was wrong
Five Stars
I was really looking forward to use it but unfortunately without being able to use it it's useless for me
Ho-Hum - our Blu-Ray has the same features
Do not Buy this Product if you expect good customer support!
Five Stars
Buggy and useless outside of US
No headphone jack
Love it. We have always watched Fox News on ...
... both back and got poku4 very reliamle put on cool
Five Stars
Don't expect reliable 4k video and 7.1 audio
I was replacing my old roku device that worked ok ...
Beware!  There is a $69.00 fee to connect
Unreliable device.
Batteries drain faster than I can buy them
Five Stars
This is a great device, my first roku so not much to ...
Five Stars
Warning! Roku customer support is totally useless.
Three Stars
Roku is the best streaming platform
Do not buy. Absolutely zero customer service
Horrible Warranty Service
Cheap earphones
This is insane. Nowhere did I see that you ...
Three Stars
Great streaming device, but locks up
Roku Ultra is the best playback device on the market right now there is no equal because of how good the Ultra remote is.
Some minor flaws, but still the video streamer to buy
"Cheap" TV needs a top-of-the-line player
Pay a little extra for voice search and ability to control on/off and volume with Roku remote
Screen keep blanking, sometimes flashing green
AVOID THIS BUGGY PRODUCT THAT IS A PIECE OF JUNK
Went back to my Roku 2
Best streaming player
Great...if you're a noob
After repeated errors after each reboot the unit was useless for the rest of the evening
Cutting the Cable?  Start with Roku
Cut the Cord!!!! Tell your cable company to pound sand and go Roku!
Roku stick very sluggish
I have had 3 of these and none of them worked proper
Private listening skipping and off track.
Used to be a big fan of Roku... not anymore.
Problems after a few months, quirky power button
roku ultra streaming player
lacks compatibilty with and little if any support from roku for, smart remote and buggy firmware 'upgrades'
Marginal service
Silky smooth interface with great picture quality
Roku is awesome!
It is not compatible a lot of video format, ...
Pay attention to the model number!
It WILL Play Your Raw GoPro Hero 6 4K/UHD Videos
Audio will not sync. Roku does not care to help.
"HDCP Error Detected" ad infinitum
Terrible for DirecTV Now.
Good hardware/software integration / requires credit card / no lighted keypad
Not all parts to hook this up are included!!!
I bought my Roku from Best Buy
I loved it - I should got one long time ago!
No Customer Support Tanks a Good Thing
Roku 4 stopped working after 65 days
Ultra remote control burns though batteries on the way to an early demise!
Nothing but glitches 4K ultra
Just buy a Roku Express!
A Roku Family for almost a decade
Most disappointing gift ever
If it works, don't complain
Not what thought
Roku connects your tv to the internet so you can use prime and netflix. Not needed for smart tvs.
Many technical issues
Setup was easy. First problem
Very disappointed
I?ve Owned MANY Roku?s. This is the only DUD.
Reliable streaming device
I love it (Roku). It is exactly what I wanted, a device that streams but works just like a cable tv.
Happy we made the switch!
Still the Best Streaming Player
I love it!
Roku is the Best out there. but poor remotes and has features no one uses
Well worth the money
very fast!
Cuts off CBS.com Shows!
Will not play Amazon Prime video
Are all of the people that say that this doesn't ...
ROKU ROCKS!
A remote control that also controls the TV and a well thought out user interface!
Headphones saved our marriage
The Best Roku Yet
AMAZING DEVICE!!!
Nice...
The best streaming player money can buy.
headphones! don't do it!
I will be tossing this unit in the garbage and canceling my Roku service and never recommend to ...
Roku Ultra 4k, fanless, ac-wireless, great remote features make it the best streamer today
Time to Upgrade
Battery does not last
Roku support is terrible
Love! You need this!
Allows for considerable monthly savings
Needs a cable!
you?ll be perfectly fine with the Roku
We especially like the remote control locator feature
Awesome upgrade to the software from previous versions
Have to stand up and move around to get remote to work!
Great product, easy to use
Great product.  Easy to set up and easy to use.
Great streaming device
Easy & Works Great
Great update to a consistently great product
Nice in many ways, but programs freeze frequently even with wired Ethernet
Roku?s best but not the best....
just works
Roku Ultra Cheaper Than cable
Questionable/noisy remote
Great picture and sound, good upgrade over the older model.
your internet has to be good
LOVE this! The processor is insanely fast and responsive
Another Year and another Roku.
No problems from two Ultras
ROKU is easy to use and reliable
Some nice features make this worthwhile
Great Product!
No longer my TV Box of choice.
Great!
VOICE FEATURE IS MOSTLY FOR PAID CHANNELS! Voice DOES NOT WORK FOR YOUTUBE! Remote Control is more fragile. Not worth the extra$
Ten year old technology!  Ten year old movies!
Worth the money!
App buttons(Netflix, sling, etc.) are cancer
Battery Replacement Required Often
Roku needs to learn manufacturing quality control.
Easy to set up and remote controls our TV and sound bar.
A serious rival to major providers.
Saves Money and Strong Selections!
Terrible Customer Service from Roku
Great product
USB Not Included - Product Misrepsentation.
Highly recommend!
A must have for many
Great value and versatile
It's great until it isn't.
Wow money saver
I LOVE it. I would 100% recommend spending the extra ...
Love how easy it is to set up and get ...
Make sure you know charges.
It was very easy to set up and use
Great Picture Quality
Awesome unit
Cheap easy to use and has a easy to use remote
The ROKU Player is small and mighty..
It's a great media play for the price
Five Stars
Fast and easy set up.
Ease of Use
Works great!
Like much better than Apple TV, easier to relate to and use
makes it possible to watch netflex without a hard wired connection
I LOVE my Roku!!!!
Happy so far
So easy to use and great access to content
Better than the Amazon unit
Five Stars
Roku is the best
One Star
Disappointed with the inability to connect to many shows on ...
Easy convenient and worth the money
Great product!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Filipino Channel app (ROKU EXCLUSIVE)
Roku does not integrate most networked broadcast TV or cable tuners
Easy to nativigate the device!
The best yet!
Five Stars
Rocky is a wonderful component to easily add to your television allowing easy ...
SAVING 75% OVER CABLE
Cannot Consistently Work 4k HDR, 4K. Sync HDCP 2.2 issues.
Great UI - brilliant simple remote.
Extremely Happy with HD Roku Player
No Need For Cable!
Everything but Netflix runs fine
Awesome Product
Horrible Voice Guide and Deceptive Survey
4K does not work,  requires special copy protection software
Five Stars
Do it, you will save big $$$
clear picture and easy to use
Great streaming from different applications (i.e. Netflix).
Roku is the Best player one can buy
User friendly
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth the money!
Best product for the money and exceeds my expectations.
easy
Best in the market.
Five Stars
Very nice product!
So easy to use
Terrible clicking noise on the remote that will not go ...
Five Stars
NO SUPPORT AT ALL. I ordered a replacement remote ...
Easy solution to cutting the cord with cable!
Get it!
plug in and grab a computer to get registered
I like rocku
AWESOME!
Better than Fire TV
Love my Roku
Five Stars
Best streaming device around!
We have several Roku's and they are just great. They are fast and responsive and turn my ...
Not good for local streaming! only WWW stream
Excellent product and allowed us to cut the cord
Best Roku yet!
ROKU: understaffed customer service and HBO is sabotaging them by messing people's accounts needlessly.
Fantastic on all counts
Five Stars
Five Stars
It works great..
Five Stars
Good for streaming, Bad for personal media at 4K 60FPS
Remote stop working.
Five Stars
Kind of shocked!
unlike previous models, this one is not compatible with ...
waste of money
Doesn?t include an HDMI cable
Garbage!
Do not waste your money
I ordered this to replace an Apple TV Gen4 device ...
Not worth it.
half baked Voice Search and Roku still supports NRA
2017 = no optical audio output.
Great, more storage space than the smaller version
You have to buy the cable separately.  It is NOT included.
One Star
HIDDEN $79. ACTIVATION FEE
Bought Roku Ultra 4K to Use With Samsung 4K Smart TV
Easy set-up, works as advertised
Great picture and a great tool for cord cutters.
Best Roku Yet!
Highly recommend this ROKU! Worth the extra $!
Very highly recommended
Great for helping you cut the cable cord.
Fast, high quality video and sound, nice controls
Roku Ultra Delivers.
Better images than 720P typical Cable Box, these are 1080P, HD and UHD. Lots of features.
Good bye cable TV
More advanced Roku
Great for HDR streaming!
Wireless Roku Ultra Box with Remote
Easy to set up, and tons of free channels
Love it!  Good upgrade from Roku 3.
The best video streaming device on the market!
Excellent product but if you have a problem pairing with a 4K TV
Does not play nice with video pass-through on my audio/video receiver - picture ...
Nice Streaming Device
Love it
I made the move and but my cable tv 6 weeks ago!
The reason I gave it a 2 is because....
Best Roku so far
Given as a present
You can definitely see an improvement over HD when playing ...
I <3 my roku
Easy to set-up with step-by-step pictorial instruction
Great box - and simple to use.
Display is brilliant
Roku Ultra: Easily the best the best streaming device on the market.
It set up easily, but with an extra $200 sign up.
I like everything about these new units other than they still ...
Love it
Perfect size for travel
I sure happy I got this.
Works Great With 4K and HDR
I love this product
I love Roku Ultra
Five Stars
Our 2nd one
Great
Wonderful advances. This is our fourth Roku
Roku
Five Stars
Great value
Great
Best ROKU I had until now. Gets all my Netflix 4K perfect
Great product
Love it
Ditch cable
Five Stars
cool
good quality
Five Stars
The best product of it's kind in the industry
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
This gives me VUDU UHX, Netflix 4K listings and ATMOS. Better than the Roku 4
Great product for 60 yr old non techie
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Super
Amazing Product
# 1 in my book
Five Stars
Problematic
Real good product.
fantastic
Works great all the time
It's fantastic
Nice!
Easy to Use!
Great option for streaming
Brilliant if it worked but it didn't.
I really like the new features - the screensaver
Almost miraculous. Click ONE button to resume the show you paused last time using this Roku Ultra!
Love it
Easy to use
great bang for the buck
Five Stars
Works well!
My favorite Roku yet
Doesnt work for Youtubetv on a samsung tv
Product as promised!
Love my roku
Neato.
Love it
My pick over Apple TV
Didn't know what I was missing
Does its job mostly as advertised, getting pretty annoyed with the malfunctioning remote though...
Exceeds Expectations!
The best streaming player out there!
Excellent product
Good price
Good but there?s better alternative
Flaky Remote Performance
Moved and upgraded to newest Roku
Good, needs mute
Give up your cable provider!
Works great for streaming + Xfinity
Great for steaming.
Roku is a great way to get rid of cable
Five Stars
Point and shoot remote works out of the box, simple and sweet, no frills
Don't even waste your money on this
Quick and easy replacement for Roku 2 remote
Works acceptably well, inexpensive
but not as great as original equipment
not reliable.
Don't waste your money on this.. look for another seller!
Automatically connects
Good for the price
GREAT SO FAR
After using it for about a week I'm happy to report the only thing cheap was the price
It's Okay - Not Perfect
Works great!
Solid value for the money
Worth the money
We have kids. Kids drop things. Like remotes.
I misplaced the original remote to my ROKU device and ...
Works as Advertised.
This thing is absolutely terrible...
Works.. by frustrating. Make remote looseing children use it
Works as described
good
Not exactly the same as original, but close enough
Works 2 inches from ROKU
Get close, Get very close
NOT A REAL ROKU REMOTE
It works and is reasonably priced
Useless
WORKS fine
Cheap and hard to use.
Worked Immediately. No resetting or programming needed.
Works great
No problems at all.
Works as the original.
Very Cheap
Very disappointed
Dissapointed Replacement ROKU Remote
Used to program teachable universal remote
Inaccurate description.
Does not work with most Rokus. Read entire description...
Pretty much junk. Battery case won?t snap on. Otherwise pretty good.
Roku remote
Doesn?t work
Works okay just don't expect it to work like the original handset that came with the Roku 3
It worked in the beginning
It works, but it is difficult to use. ...
Do not buy
Worked great until my dog ate it.
Okay, I guess. Needs Line of Sight to Work
Sticky keys, poor signal
Poor signal
Much better than the one I misplaced
It works, but you have to point it directly ...
I actually like this one better than the original because it has ...
No program codes or any fuss, just add batteries and it works!
Not able to be paired with roku
Great replacement
It works. It you have to have it at ...
This REALLY works!
The Roku is pointless. The remotes don?t last and ...
Great value!
outdated, does not work
Works well
Works great
arrow buttons are a little soft
Great Replacement
Does not work.
Easy
Didn't work
Good for the money
Good replacement for original Roku Remote
This was a great remote. This one lasted four days
WARNING DO NOT BUY PIECE OF POO
Doesnt work
Not good
I didn't have any problems with having to be super close to it like other reviews said
Works great!
It's a remote
Didnt work for me
Works great
Great Product!
Works great
No pairing button
Don't waste your time or your money!
Very cheap model
Doesn't work with roku 3, would probably not work with any roku
Five Stars
Will not work with Roku Stick
Works great
Works fine
Works great
Waste of money, wanna money back
IR sucks, you have to have a direct line of ...
takes long to get it in the mail even with prime
Product Works for a Fraction of Original Remote Price
Doesn?t work well
Good deal,  works fine
Not great but beats no remote
Wouldn?t buy again
Signal issues
Excellent replacment
Doesnt work
Only worked a few weeks, couldn't return it
Great for what it is
You have to press the arrow buttons pretty firmly on this remote to work
Does the job but not very well. You have ...
Middleboro the road
Did not work with my roku tv
Remote
One Star
very poor quality, does not have the functions of the ...
A dud
Love it can?t lose the control
Bad
Waste of money
Really bad..
Great buy
Worked immediately without needing a set-up. The Pandora, ...
Don?t work
Perfect replacement.
Made like a cheap toy.
Four Stars
Two Stars
Worth the money
Works great!
decent product for the price
Great working alternative
Five Stars
No need to pair this like the original and more quick-buttons for apps I use ...
Works perfectly
works great
Good buy.
Built a tad cheaper than the stock one but it works for a great price.
Five Stars
super easy. it was perfect after leaving my remote ...
Roku remote works fine.
Works perfectly!
Not very well made.
Kids keep losing
Finally a good affordable replacement roku remote that actually works
Four Stars
Weak Signal
So easy to use and prompt delivery
Works just fine!
Works straight away.
Works perfectly.
Feels super cheap
Excellent replacement
Not good
great price !
Best replacement i have gotten
is the poor connectivity to our Roku
My Roku
Nice and Cheap
Very bad remote
Works and syncs perfectly
Required assembly
Don't purchase.
If I need another I will buy
Five Stars
Worked as described
I want return
Meh.
Works Great
Terrible - Don't Waste Your Money!
Five Stars
I don't have a headline
Five Stars
Remote works great with Roko 3.
wonderful
Works well and great price@!
Works, but must be pointed directly at Roku and ...
I can't recommend
Works fine
Have to be pointed right at it. Very old ...
Useless
Works
Four Stars
and aimed it at the roku and just like that, we were streaming again
Need to align the Roku device so that it directly faces the remote.
Four Stars
Just like the original
ROKU replacement remote
But other than that for the price works great.
Five Stars
Unreliable
Great product
Wouldn't recoonect
One Star
Worthkess
Missing buttons
?
This didn't last long. Don't give it o kids ...
If you want to press / smash the same button ...
Five Stars
Works like the original
a savior
One Star
Works good
Save your money... don?t buy!
Five Stars
Feels flimsier than the original remote, and does not ...
One Star
Inexpensive, effective replacement
Easy to use
Five Stars
Works Great!
The remote came quickly and works great. We were able to install batteries and it ...
Two Stars
Yes
Great Replacement!
Works with ROKU 1,2,3
Five Stars
Broke w/in 2 Months
For the wages of sin is death, but the ...
One Star
Cheap, not very strong signal
Eh . . .so so
It arrived promptly and packed well and worked perfect. I highly recommend
Great Replacement!
Great
Only works sometimes
Five Stars
Terrible. Select button works but navigation buttons don?t
It?s useless. Immediately returned
Cheap controller
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect
Four Stars
Bad
Worked great
It?s a waste of money... buy the official Roku remote
A little better than the Roku one
Its ok for the price it has not as strong ...
Not Roku quality.
Five Stars
Works fine
Remote did not have a volume adjustment and we could ...
Disappointed...
Don't Waste Your Money
Four Stars
Trustworthy
Didn't work
Cheap and useless.
direct replacement
doesn't work!
Returning it for it never worked.
WEAK SIGNAL STRENGTH.
Great Replacement
on time and works
Worth the money / good vendor
Don't buy
Great value, packaging
Not a good purchase. Breaks easily
Remote control range
Cheaply made... but I guess you get ...
Five Stars
Easy to use
very bad quality and cheap material
Five Stars
Happy camper
Requires a very firm touch to operate
Perfect Replacement for Roku remote
Great remote
Roku N1000
Satisfied
Works just like the original
Three Stars
Replacement for Roku
Five Stars
Four Stars
Crappy product
It does not link to the Roku
Hardly worked. You have to stand directly in front ...
Light weight remote
like original
Great buy
Works Great
Knock off
It works
Just what I needed
Works with my old Roku. My puppy got the ...
It works but you have to be right in front ...
REMOTE ALREADY BROKEN
Eh...
Good remote
Five Stars
Works with Roku 1 no problem
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works as advertised
SCAM
Doesn?t work.
Five Stars
excellent
Glad this one was very easy no need to pair ...
but otherwise works great and its nice use Netflix
Five Stars
As Expected
Does the job
Great remote. No problems at all.
Tiresome
Five Stars
One Star
Not worth a dollar.
Remote works okay with my roku, definitely a bit ...
Did not work as replacement
Actually the OEM remote is like that, it more how it is designed
Just what I was looking for
Does Not Work
It has a blockbuster button on it. I think ...
GREAT
I like the old remote better than replacement
I love it. It's a nice size for my kids ...
Four Stars
Doesn't work at all!!!!!!!
Why d.c. does EVERY remote not work?
thank you! now i know who i can go ...
A remote
Can?t use
Five Stars
DO NOT BUY
Works on Roku2
Five Stars
Works fine
Five Stars
Hopefully it works for you
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great for the price
works great
Bad Quality
Five Stars
It's incredible
I love it!!!!
Quality
Bad
Broken
but good enough for a replacement
won't pair with roku4
Works great.
One Star
Three Stars
It works well
Junk
... - put new batteries in - does not work garbage - dont
Five Stars
Will NOT work unless directly in front of Roku
Quick delivery!!
It is not what I expected
I bought a replacement remote before and it was great. This one works much like the broken one
Dog for Sale
Works
Tried this remote despite several poor reviews. Remote barely works and inconsistent
not pairable
It was great to know I could so easily replace the old remote.
Doesn?t work well
Don't Purchase!
It works
Suits Me
Four Stars
I really like the cordage loop
Exactly what I ordered
Works great.
Four Stars
Otherwise it works good with roku easy set up
Put brand new batteries in & it doesn?t work at all!!!!
Good Value
Just Ok
No power
So that was a nice surprise.
Garbage
Does NOT work.  Fraud
Works perfectly
Wasn't the right o e
Control
Great!!!
Good
Cheap and broken. Got me again amazon.
It doesn't work that great, even when you're pointing it right at the ...
Three Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Roku remote
hooked to my roku with no issues!
IT WAS FAKE
Geeks don't lije volume control
Amazing return policy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazon shopping is amazr
Ok for the price but not worth it. Roku cell app works much better than this.
Five Stars
Great replacement!
I put batteries in the remote and it works great!
Five Stars
Does not sync with Roku!!!!
Great buy!
Am so happy for this replacement
Worked right out of the box!
Works great!
Cheap Plastic Paperweight
Five Stars
Arrived broken
Works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Get's it done!
Do not buy!!
One Star
Good replacement controller
Please help ?????
Bad original roku remote 100% better
So if you sit less than 5 feet from your television then this will be fine but if this is on a living room device ...
Do not buy.
Works fine. Very pleased
the first remote i got was didn't work very well ...
Great replacement Roku remote
A great deal
What a great inexpensive solution
Does NOT work with tv
Is not compatible with ROKU 3
One Star
A great option for a new Roku remote!
One Star
Four Stars
DOESN'T WORK!!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Roku did not work. Bought new batteries when it ...
Four Stars
Worthless
You had to stand in front of the Roku about ...
Good seller
Working product
Would recommend
good
It works
Good product
Five Stars
Two Stars
?
Don?t buy
Four Stars
?
Trash
Does not work with Roku tv
Great!
Just what i needed.
Five Stars
does the job
It didn?t work.
This remote does not work. There isn't even a ...
Excellent!!
Na
Five Stars
Fake remote
One Star
Five Stars
It works perfectly fine.
Did not work with my Roku 2 though it was ...
Five Stars
Awsome
Did not work
GREAT PRODUCT!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Great remote
One Star
Perfect
One Star
OKAY, BUT !
Does not work
Disappointed
Five Stars
It never worked and I keep forgetting to return it ...
OK back up but a bit touchy
Never used
NO RANGE
Good
Five Stars
One Star
Very disappointed!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Three Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Just like marriage....don't do it
Garbage
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
took it out of the package, the battery cover ...
Pissed
It works well, but I wish it didn't need ...
Not worth it!
Very happy.
Great replacement for our Roku remote that gave out on ...
Not compatable
NOPE!
The remote was exactly as described and works almost exactly ...
Buttons don't work well
Works on Earliest Models Perfectly
Add batteries and you're good to go!
At half the cost
The pairing button was missing and it didn't "magically" work with your Roku out of the box as claimed.
Add batteries and use! Great for older Rokus
Great remote
perfect replacement remote
It never worked. Right out of the box, batteries in properly and it never worked. Garbage
Five Stars
Your friend Mary Jo ehrenberg
Just what I needed
Works great, but clip on battery door broke
Its easy
It works !!
Doesn't work the same as my original.
Works great.
Great for a great price
Not bad for the price
One Star
Five Stars
Is great replacement, but Infrared only, but has all the other features except TV on/off and Volume and earplug.
Great product
Five Stars
Better than re placing entire Roku set
excelente!!!
Fast chipping
Five Stars
Yesssssss.....
Replacement
Cheap knock off - do not buy
Not good at all
Non-responsive
it works for roku 1
doesn't work
Awesome
Pos
Great product
Taste great, dogs love it. Also controls Roku well.
worked ok first months then stopped
Excellent to have with you when traveling
You don't need that extra cable box through @#$% cable internet!
Best streaming stick going (IMHO)
Roku Rocks!
The Best Streaming Video Player In 2018
Great product, great deal.
dont buy recondition.
We Switched to Roku
Better than renting multiple DVR boxes
Great product..Strong wifi reception!!
Roku > AppleTV?
Easy setup, great remote, good speed!
Kept getting error message: ?Advanced wireless receiver not detected? ...
FANTASTIC!! Especially for CORD CUTTERS!!
Great Item until it quit.
Reconditioned nope, not working yep!
Better than my firetv
Remote, picture quality, and ease = breadwinner
It continues to play after you shut the tv off
Roku covers all services I want.
Allowed us to stream Sprectrum TV without the set-top box - making this free over time
User Friendly Device.
Loose a cable box
Impressed!
A great upgrade to my original ROKU box
Beautiful picture, top quality streaming w/ zero buffering.
Easy to use! Love!
Remote will not sync
Do not buy any refurbished item
Works Great Needs HDMI Extender Cable.
Wow. Disaster product. Takes forever to install then broke after 2 days
Fickle power source
Overheating warning, HDR doesn't work.
Beats all previous version Roku streaming sticks hands down
Very satisfied. Glad I bought it.
Not sure what went wrong
Low power problems
Great value and quality.
Love the Roku Streaming Stick
Refurb Is Great
Easy solution.
Cost effective alternative to your cable company's receiver box.
BUY this. Now!
Works great!!
Awesome
Worked for 1 week
Roku Streaming Stick 4K is worth the money.
Stick works great but remote came with issues
This is an excellent item for a very low price
Screen blacks out every 15 seconds.
Difficulty linking with economy televisions.
The possibility are endless with all the apps available with the Roku!
Great streaming for my AirBnB guests
Upgrade From My Old Roku 2
Don't get the stick! Get one of the Expresses or the bigger ones!
I wish I hadn't waited so long to buy one of these.
The Best
One Star
Functional but does not play nice with Harmony
Much Better Than The Old Streaming Stick We Had
I like this unit with the wifi booster
Roku Streaming Stick+
Needs reboots often..refurbished poorly.
You receive so many more channels than anticipated!
Works well
GREAT Streaming Stick by Roku!!!
DO NOT BUY REFURBISHED!!!
This is for the referbished roku stick plus
has been a nightmare
Roku!!!
Wireless receiver
works great, but may not support your tv for on/off/volume controls
I love Roku's
Great Product
Remote Died after 4 Months
Love this thing
this model doesn't have a lot of the great features of the Roku 3 we had prior
Exceeded Expectations
Stopped working after two months.
In essence a pocket tv.
Always needs to be reset, slow interface
Have really enjoyed the ease of use and variety of applications available
Ugh, B-Stock refurbished product with terrible 90 day warranty.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
For distance get the Plus.
False advertising
works...
Great value!
Works great
?remote. Hate the booster
I love Roku!
Nice to not have cords!
Love this Roku!
Controler doesn't work
5 Stars compared to Amazon Fire TV Stick
the best
Volume controls only work on TV not sound bars.
good product
Remote arrived broken
Great value. I am a happy owner.
Great Price & Wonderful Opportunity
Batteries that came with control explodes inside and made corrosion
Great deal!
Remote is broken upon receiving
Solved my streaming issues
Great! I really enjoy having the actual interface to ...
We love our Roku!
Works great and got a good price
60 days later, remote doesnt work. Spotty connection ALL THE TIME
Five Stars
Easy to install
Remote Control Issues
Would Highly Recomend!!!
Sad about remote
Great signal strength!
Works as described... Remote keeps failing
Love it!
Easy all around!
Buy roku from roku, not secondhand
Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy
Easy of use once installed
Great with Roku hdmi extender
Am going to look into a smart tv next time
It?s better than the bulkier predecessors
did not work
Love this thing!
2 out of 3.
Fan of roku for life
Easy to install and functions perfectly
Love it
Love Roku devices
Will not wake up from sleep.
Great buy
Easy, quick & affordable access to Netflix, etc!!!
Perfect for streaming!
Roku Streaming Stick
Broken charging wire
Fantastic
not bad
Lots of movie options
Get roku and stream cable.
Great loads fast
Fast and good distance form router
Great for streaming at home or hotel
Streaming stick
Only remote we need
Missing Power Supply
Sony do not have Spectrum App.
Very intuitive....
works great we love it
Awesome!
Great for our guest room
Glad I switched!
Nice and easy set up
Appears to be brand new
Streaming stick savage
Very intuitive setup.
POINT REMOTE IN ANY DIRECTION
Easy and useful
Roku
Runs better than my firestick
Amazing item!
Very nice
Stopped working shortly after delivery
One of the best
Great streaming product
Avoid refurbished - buy new
Best streaming stick
Not paying for a cable box
Ditch the cable company
Stopped working 1 month after return window
Great product
Great
Perfect..thanks Roku
Roku Stick
Don?t buy refurbished
good value
Works Great
Roku rocks
Good price and fast shipping
Best cable cutting replacement
Roku just workss.
Roku is great product
easy
I?m happy with it
Great 4K stick!
Quick and easy set up
Roku
Five Stars
easy to install
Really enhanced my viewing ...
Works as advertised
Nice upgrade!
Roku rocks!
Had it for over a year, no complaints. Even got one for my parents too
One Star
Not a boring flat screen anymore.
Roku Streaming Stick+ | 4K/HDR/HD Streaming Player
This is a package of garbage.
Works Perfectly!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Did not connect the first couple of times
Review
Roku wins hands down
Much better technology than Fire Tv
Good for all your streaming needs.
2 sausage thumbs up
Super to use with properly selected app.
Love it
Roku
Totally Disappointed An Like So Many Other's It Will Not Connect To My Wi-Fi !
So easy to use!
Love these!!
Roku/remote NOT WORKING PROPERLY
Great
It's great not having to search for what channels but to ...
Great
Five Stars
Great
Missing wireless receiver
Five Stars
Works Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Offers more viewing options.
Good home page
Thaaa'k u
Cut the cord!
GREAT FOR STREAMING
Doesn?t get any easier than this.
Remote no longer works after 4 months
It works flawlessly even with ok internet speed
Excellent
Spectrum TV app
Wifi extender really works good.
Great stream stick
Five Stars
Two Stars
What a great product
Great little streamer!  Fast!  Great for my older Samsung tv!
Best streaming device
Five Stars
Worth the extra few dollars
Five Stars
Even if you dont have a 4 k tv this is the roku you can grow into for the future.
Five Stars
Good service and product
Not working right.
Great product
Great product, easy to use and strong connection
Amazingly simple.
Product lasted only 4 months before Netflix wouldn?t stream
easy to install
Five Stars
Set up is exhausting
Easy setup!
Four Stars
Disappointed
Five Stars
My Experience with roku
Great value great product.
Very easy to get connected if you have other Roku products ...
Not my first Roku.
Wonderful little stick!
Wow
Good Roku remote
Reliable roku stick that is refurbished
User friendly control
Saving Money!
Supports Spectrum
Great Product
Its Roku on a stick
It works
Was easy to set up and works like a charm
Remote Stopped working after 4 months
Worth it.
works great.
Very good wifi connection. Even from very far away
Four Stars
Much better than the original remote
Five Stars
Fantastic
Very easy to connect
Five Stars
remote need frequent reset to work.
easy, fast
Not a long lasting product
All in one remote
Fantastic for 60 bucks.
Excellent
Five Stars
Better than the fire stick
Refurbished unit remote broke
Fast processing and simple set up!
arrived fast and was easy to set up
A great buy!
Hardware is lacking
Refurbished
Easy hook up
Best roku by far
Buy with confidence, looks new
Two Stars
The first one is literally the best one you can buy on the market today
Cut the cable cord.
Four Stars
Great
Not working.
xxxxx
power on/off and volumedoesn't work
Didn?t work more than a couple times
Very good picture
Great portable streaming device.
Easy to Install
Dont buy refurbished - died after 3 months
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very easy to set up.
Easy to set up and use
Roku
Love Roku
Good Deal
Broke with no support in a few months.
Great 2nd device
Super easy to use
Great product!
Easy peasy??
Works great--easy to use
Buy it you will love it
Amazing awakening about tv watching!
voice search not working
Love my Roku
Roku Streaming Stick+ | 4K/HDR/HD
Work Great!
Insufficient power prompt
Big hunk of crap
User friendly Roku
Did not work
Refurb not as reliable as hoped
So happy
ROKU
Many Choices
Awesome
Pleased with purchase.
Love it
Five Stars
Roku is fantastic! Easy to use.
Buy new!
This leads me to believe that I was sent a regular Roku Streaming Stick and not the better, Roku Streaming Stick PLUS
Quit working in a month
No Prime Video in Holland
Not as advertised
HDCP Error
Not bad at all
OK
Cost and quality
Game changer!
Great purchase
The power cord is short
buen producto
Plug and play!
Great streaming device
Great product!
Fantastic Roku product
Easy
Great product
Easy to use
Perfectly
Five Stars
Home theater in your bocet
Five Stars
Fantastic
Just Do It !
Nothing new
Excelente compra
Total Ripoff. Does not function properly.
Great Tech service and phone support
You have to find a password it will accept even though you enter one that fits the parameters!
Drains batteries within 24 hours, even when not in use, no matter what.  Requires extension cord and plug in power on most TV's.
Much better than the old one!
Everyone needs one.
Roku streaming TV stick
Unreliable.
Easy install.
Five Stars
One Star
Roku rocks
Thanksssss rokuuuuuuuu
Works fantastic!
Streaming now
Very mobile and useful!
Wrong device cable, can't operate
HDCP Error
Roku is The Worst Junk - Big Step Back in Technology
Don't Purchase if you watch BBC Programming.
Poor
Buy full price or risk errors
Roku products are all great.
Stay away from refurb Rokus
Bought the stick two weeks ago. While watching TV ...
Love
IT Pros beware - Roku+ uses dynamic mac addresses
A++ product
Lost remote for stick
Very good investment !!!
Measure the Roku stick before you buy it.  It won't fit on the back of my TV due to its length.
Dont like
Doing what it said.
Good
Doesn?t work my tv controls
Received a non functional product
I hate this device
So far so good!
Cutting the cord
Roku.
Nice for travel
ROKU!
Figured it out pretty quick
very nice
great
For streaming excellent choice!
Roku 4K Stick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Weak Cable
So Effective - Great Buy
Roku Rocks!
Great!
Easy to use.
Best Streaming Stick Out There!
Great!! We love it!
WARNING: Not compatible with ALL HDMI
cut the cord
Came broken.
Love it!!
Love mine
Has everything you need to stream
Unit gets too hot to touch then sometimes dies.
Works Great
Perfect remote control.. For TV and roku
Needs to have a good source of power
Read negative reviews before buying
Freeze... and reboot. Freeze... and reboot.
Great product!
I really don?t understand all of the negative reviews.
Sleek and capable streaming device. VERY FAST!
Hindsight is better than foresight;
Why did I wait so long to buy this?
my favorite streamer
Ok android box
4k receiver needed for 5.1 in Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Prime
This is without a doubt the best 4k streaming device out right now
Simply the best android box out there.
No HDMI Cable?  Is somebody kidding ????
King of the Cord Cutter's Living Room
More than rather good! Shield vs Xbone vs Roku stick
Best streamer I currently have
Overrated, Lags and Spam....
Its amazing, very fast and 4K looks great on it
Great and easy to use!
.....proprietary power cable....that was dead on arrival...W.T.F
FANTASTIC =)
Blazing fast device that supports most streaming services and PC game streaming.
Batteries should last more than 2 months!
This is the best streaming media box out there...period!
Remote and Plex issues
Works for online streaming, Works for TV DVR HD Home Run if external HDD is formatted NTFS
Best streaming device you can buy
Could Be so Much Better
THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE WORLD
Less than a year later, it died. Great Job. I'd pay more to not have this happen.
This box has the processing power to stream uhd hdr movies to your tv with ease
Don't expect stable network connectivity.
Great idea as a gaming systme, horrible implementation - spend a few extra $$ and get something else
My current go-to home theater TV box - the most powerful device on the market
Great media player for Netflix and Kodi
It's great, but sometimes I just didn't want to hastle ...
Bad battery quality
This review focuses on Plex (why I bought it)
TOTALLY worth the money!
Great product. Love it
Do not purchase this if you are wanting a simple multimedia system.
Best Android box that exists, but not quite perfect.
Forever in Beta Product
Hands down, best bang for your buck.
Pros & Cons
No more need to change hdmi sources
Mixed Feelings
If you want good customer service .. forget about it!!
This thing lives up to Nvidia's claim: the best 4K streaming box
Not bad!
Almost perfect.
The best streaming box on the market, shipped with the worst remote ever made.
I flippin LOVE the Nvidia Shield TV
I now have three of Shields Here's Why.
Skips frames when processing Netflix Video
Fantastic streaming decice and a decent stand in as a game console
Best TV Box out there by far.
Cut the cord with the Shield, never looking back.
fantastic piece of home entertainment tech with some flaws
For Those Who Plan to Use This as a PLEX Client...READ FIRST!
I hate this thing.
First Impressions: Ultimate Gamer's Streamer
It's as good as everyone says it is
No IR Control
Performs well with value added features
Totally Worth It.
outstanding!
Mixed Feelings
Works great. Very few issues.
For me, that it's able to do plex AND DOLBY ATMOS
I think this is the best streaming box you can buy
Pretty overhyped, first time user here! Was very excited at first.
Really like it but not perfect
The best streamer..as long as you don't have anything else on your network
Please read.
It works waaaaaaaay better than a Roku Ultra
I bought this skeptically, but I have been more than pleased
External Storage doesn't mount and poor customer care
Worked for 5-Months, now stone cold Dead
Better than any other streamers I have tried, but still has room for improvement.
Great idea, horrible execution
Cannot install Smartthings LINK App from play store
Very powerful but very unstable streaming device
Used unit sold as new
Fantastic Streaming Box, Can Do So Much!
What more can you ask for.
great product!
Best streaming device currently on the market
Didn't Pass The Wife Test...
Android TV and full-on console in 1, with a flawed controller for gamers
Perfect fit for my needs.
Dead batteries
but the biggest problem is the remote it is terrible, I don't even use it anymore
Bought this as a gift. I can't get over AndroidTV limitations returned one I bought prior
The best android TV box on the market.
My favorite streaming device by miles. Great for gaming, music, streaming, etc
It's awesome . I love it
Not for Hulu Users!
Great device, wish I had gotten it sooner
Probably the best Amazon purchase I've made
I don't know what took me so long
Remote replaced by Nvidia, otherwise great box.
GREAT Streaming Device!
You Can Order This With your Eyes Closed!  No Buyers Remorse Concerns.
Best streaming box hands down, now let's talk about emulation!
Better than just Chromecast
Great little Kodi box for all your 4K needs
The Best Smart TV if it allowed me Dual Bluetooth Pairing :(
Worth Every Penny! Best Media Device!
Wish was cheaper but if you can afford and want gaming and HD streaming on all apps it's got it!
Powerful, Flexible, Good unit overall
This is the ultimate Android set top box around hands down!
Nvidia Shield TV not so good
Great unit but customer support is non-existent.
Hands down best streaming box on the market, 10/10
Gen 2 is pretty nice
2019 Review of The Shield
A good TV streaming device
Great unit. I highly recommend it
Excellent device. Make sure to install the steam link ...
Best media player I've owned
Video playback is beautiful & super smooth.  Plus it plays ANYTHING!
Best Android Box!
Replaced my Plex server
It wont replace my Roku Ultra
Get it only if you need a beefy streamer
Mostly impressed.
Beats NUC as 4K media player hands down- as long as you can live without universal remote control
With all the hype but disappointed
Best Android TV and possibly streaming device on the market
Probably the Best Streamer Currently Available
Works flawlessly with all the apps I use on it.
Not Perfect But Consider This...
Great hardware but Android Grrr
If you use an Xbox/PS4 for media, Read This.
By far the best streaming box out there.
I seriously created a monster (in myself)...
Great Anndroid box.
The Only Worthy Streaming Box
Excellent Streaming with no buffering!!!!
After using it for about four months, I'd never buy another!
Best Streaming Box I Own
too much hype
Best Streaming Media Player - Remote Could be Designed a Bit Better
Pretty darn cool
A bit pricey but worth it.
GREAT Plex server
Best media player with only one real drawback
Almost lasted 2 years.
The Best streaming media EVER
A true upgradeable google android tv
Inferior to predecessor, controller was DOA, nVidia support was horrible
Simply the best!
Better than ROKU
8tb USB Corrupted
Best streaming device by a mile
Nvidia Shield went from best to worst after recent updates beware.
Don't believe the hype, over priced
worth every penny for a cord cutter!
Sling TV runs good, Prime Video and Netflix also good. Great Streaming player. Remote isn't great.
Great Product
Great streaming player and a good gaming machine.
Fantastic
The best Android TV box out there.
Remote is TERRIBLE
Excellent device
The BEST
Best media player, period.
Perfect, performs exactly as advertised, great customer support
Terrible software, Plex problems, worst remote I have ever used
Solid Android TV box
Game changer for cord cutters
Best streaming machine for hdr 4k
There?s no comparison
Still the best android TV for gamers
You will love it.
Love it!
Forced updates of the "SHIELD Experience" can ruin your experience
meh unimpressed
Great for streaming but didnt last long
Great for 4k content.
Value for money. Good performance.
Great streamer, remote is so-so
Great Streamer but  Expensive with Game Controller Issues
Worst customer service known to man
Rolls Royce of Streaming Machines
Nvidia shield is a great entertainment hardware!
The gold standard for streaming boxes
Superior to built-in Smart TV streaming
Fastest Android TV OS box available, but not perfect.
The WiFi has been an issue.  Had to hard wire it.
Amazing for my usage.
Over hyped paper weight
Cross between a phone and a PC, perfect for the bedroom.
Google Ads: check, Nvidia promos: check, Games: uhhhh
It's Great, but for the price...
This thing is perfect so far and has exceeded my expectations
Excellent Android TV/Game streaming system. Issue with controller from day 1
Doesn't need power converter for AUSTRALIA
Green Mean Streaming Machine
PLEX Server runs well for limited users
Best on the market!
Fast, powerful, lots of features. Best streaming device on the market.
Use it all the time!
The best streamer for so many reasons
Awesome Streamer!!! 5'o el star'o!!!
Why bother with the game controller?
Head over shields in love with this thing
Best Android TV box available even though the remote is annoying
the Cadillac of streamers
We love our Shield!
Where's the friggin' on/off switch !!??
Superior
Can't stream anything. Do not buy
Bluetooth audio : an added bonus
Best streaming device period
Best media streaming device
This is one of the best TV boxes in the market
Play store very limited. Must side load and learn quite a bit. I do not find it user friendly.
The Real Thing
Great hardware, but android tv is bechine the times ...
A must have device
Versatile, worth the price
best ANdroid TV device
Expensive but works good.
Remote is laggy, but the controller is lag free.
Great producs, but fragile with limited support in all countries
Shuts down some times
Great with a couple flaws
yes this is gaming andoid box but have 1 problem
Remote lag issues
GeForce now + Steam streaming FTW
The image quality is Sub par compared to the Fire TV
Great media and PC game streamer! An Emulator powerhouse.
Nice device
Once you go Shield you'll never go back
Best out there for streaming
Save up an extra fifty bucks and get the best of the best
Incredible Little Device
Great device didn't last long...
From a CORD CUTTER
Exceeded my expectations.
Cool futuristic design, Upgradeable and Versatile
Greatest Droid box ever
Best streaming device out there!
Yes, it worthy upgrade from any chinese android box
Good system. Runs Kodi well
This has to be the BEST!
WORTH IT!
Probably the best streamer on the market
Quick and Snappy Box For Streaming From Apps and Built-in Google Chromecast
Great Streaming box.
Great hardware ... No ON/OFF button. Volume control is horrible.
Best streaming player made!
I'm so glad I got it
They hype is true!  Get one!
Worst remote control ever.
Worth Every Penny.
Hands down, the best home entertainment device
Really Good Buy
Great unit.
Best ever, just missing a good web browser
Wait for a better update.
Good versatile streaming media player
Awesome product, I have the 2015 model since last ...
Wow factor!!
Excellent streamer, game and media box
Excellent device, but takes time to setup
Loved our NVIDIA Shield TV so much, I bought a second unit
Proprietary power adapter, DON'T BUY IT
Excellent option for gaming away from your PC
Best Streaming device for cable cutters
NVIDIA SHIELD TV is good, but I think it is overpriced !
not bad but not awesome
I have 2 and they are great!
I received mines March 2017 and love it. But now
Great product, terrible packaging from Amazon
Great system.
Loads fast and no apparent problems so far
Steam Link vs Shield TV - Comparing Values
Awesome box
BEST STREAMING DEVICE EVER
Go big or go home
Still a great Android TV box
Best streaming device ever
Exactly what I wanted in a streaming device.
Forget the rest! Buy the best!!
IPTV
Paid for new Item, received opened item
Everything the manufacturer claims is true. Excellent unit.
The best
Wish I knew about these sooner
Rowan Brennan
Disappointing SMB Connectivity
The box 5 stars the remote 3
This is a great streamer - I also use in teh house a ...
One Star
Great streaming device!
You can play pc games on this using a Nvidia Tesla gpu! INSANE
Contollers are pure junk
It's the best and it's groundbreaking. Amazing for streaming high-res multichannel audio and gaming.
DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT RELIABLE WIFI STREAMING!!!
Very nice and snappy
Best streaming device on the market
Dead after 6 months, buy an Apple TV 4K
My best buy of 2018
Works great with Plex
A bit more expensive but worth it
Amazing little box
best streamer in the market
Powerful but glitchy
setup Netflix/Amazon was easy and formatted the 128MB USB 3
Great device
We have a smart TV so didn't really need a "fancy" streaming device ...
Included small remote not nearly as good as first generation purchased remote
Better streaming device than most
Works great only issue is Nvidea is forces you to use ...
Best streaming box yet but missing some small things
This is easily one of the best purchased I have made in my life.
Love this. Totally transformed the way I watch tv
Great product, but the remote though...
OMG, don't hesitate to get one.
Great server
Best android box ever!!!
Powerfull Box
May have to return. Very disappointed.
Rocky start
This is the best android streaming box on the market
Best purchase I have made in in years.
Stick with Firestick for simplicity
Poderoso
Does many things, but nothing well
A great Device
Plex doesnt work.
NVIDIA SHIELD is the only way to go if you ...
Great product, but has started to break
Best box ever
Over priced junk.
Awesome
Love this device... it's TINY!
Compact, stealth, no fan noise with high performance ...
This is by far the BEST Android Box EVER!!!!
NVIDIA SHILD (:ANDROID??
Still the best and most supported Android TV box.
Smart TV Boxes simply don't get any Better than This.
Highly recommend this streaming media player.
because volume control via CEC sometimes lags and annoyingly jumps. Gamepad needs a throne - it doesn't have ...
I LOVE IT !!!
The best set-top box.
Definitely worth the price!
Not the full google play store
Beautiful GUI and versatility
Bad timing.
Great streaming device
Nvidia Shield Tech Support
Great for streaming PC games...
Frequent WiFi connectivity issues make device unusable
The remote feels nicely done too
Best-in-class Streaming Media Player + Android TV
ATMOS Pass-through!
Great box
The Best Android TV Set Top Box Out There
Very happy
Great Product, Skeptical Company
Very good, but if want to play games, DON'T buy the version with game controller
Superior machine.
Horrible remote. Otherwise awesome device.
Best android tv that I don?t like to use.
Using it to play 4k content from my media server ...
just plain works with 4k
Really good media player with strong gaming capabilites
Amazing video and audio output
Burn out issue
Must have device for streaming
Push hard on the power cord if you have problems
Powerful streamer with too many dealbreaker flaws
I love this thing
Best Android TV box around.
Stop paying that huge cable bill, cut the cord.
great android TV box
Turns off by itself
Bye bye firestick
ANDROID WORLD TITLE HOLDER!!!
Superb Device!
Best streaming device !
Good quality hardware, poor quality apps.
The Wife is not appreciative.
I ditched Roku and Fire TV with no regrets.
They are first in everything streaming!
There's a reason why this is the absolute best Android TV
Great Product
nVIDIA SHIELD TV just became our new media rendering device for media streamed  from our Synology DS216play NAS. Great.
Best Android TV device
Awesome performance
What a Merry Christmas it is!
Remote Not Working after Less than 1 Year
Best Streamer in Existence
Awful compared to the previous version. Completely useless for games.
I have an original shield and love it. My brother purchase then newer 2017 and ...
Excellent product, great buy!!
Excellent quality
Perfection
The best media box, nothing comes close.
AWESOME DEVICE. BUY IT!
NVIDIA SHIELD!
the best streaming media player available
Easy operation,  great for gaming and streaming
Best hardware
Its a low power Plex Server that works flawless
LOVE IT,,,,,
The Best of Any Streamers, Especially If You Love Gaming
Chromecast too!!
Multi-use Home Theater/Gaming System
Excellent product
Does NOT do 4K at 60Hz
Cable? Broadcast? My life is better without them!
Improvement over SmartTV OS
False advertising never received the product
Great product, let down slightly by a poor remote
Very good video playback
Headed back to Amazon
The reviews are right, this is the one box you will want...
First one was a lemon, second one is a gem...so far
WOW, I am impressed. Great Product, Still the BEST!
What are you waiting for? GET IT!!!
Without a doubt the best streamer I?ve owned
Pricey but worth it if you want more than jist a TV box
This is the perfect download toy
works way better than having firestick
Great for anyone wanting an all encompassing set-top box. Great for cord-cutting gamers
but the box works like a champ
This works great and is reliable
Perfect Cord cutter solution
A disappointment
BEST EVER
Best android TV and game streaming device.
Dead unit after 7.2.2 update!
Great device awful accesories
Great when it works
Hands down the best streaming device available on the market
Fastest media player
Don't buy if you're an OCD gamer
Great steamer
just feel like the info on the Plex and Nvidia sites is ...
Simply the Best Android TV Experience
this is currently the best android media center on the market
So close to being great.
Fast and powerful
Best tv box, nothing comes close!
The Android software and the remote suck.
Now I know why the guy recommended this unit rather than the hundreds of cheaper options
Will not allow software to be loaded
Still the product is good compared to Apple
The best Android TV experience, bar none.
very good quality product
excellent product.
Works very well
Best media player by far
A good Streamer of Games and Video
Best streamer there is no question
Best Streaming box!
Big disappointment.
THE BEST STREAMER TO DATE!
Awesome streaming device!
Own 2 and love them both.
Solid streamer.
Nvidia Shield is a Winner!
I am so happy with this thing
se friza y jugando saca a uno del juego
Best Media Streamer for 2018
Great for games, NOT for PLEX
Fantastic All-In-One System.
Best streaming device on the market
The best!!!
The best android TV in market, however......
This thing is AMAZING !
Awesome device
Best Android TV box to date... With gaming as a total bonus
Excellent Gaming system
Works perfectly but beware the HDR support for games
Ditch the ROKU, get this instead.
Expensive, but worth it.
Definitely one of the best streaming media player!
Holy crap buy this thing
If you want the best TV box. Buy Nvidia Shield.
This thing is awesome! I purchased the FireTV first
A Great Streaming Device
Best in class.
Excellent and simple to use machine that integrates seamlessly with ...
works great! It will rarely disconnect in the middle of ...
Nvidia Shield TV
Works perfectly
Shield
Best Media Player on the Market
Best steaming box Ever!
Love it
Great for 4K!
Best streamer you can buy
Not a happy customer
Replaced other entertainment sources.
the right joy stick becomes the mouse
but absolutely the best Android TV box I've tried
Android Oreo 8.0 Sucks for me, ruins very good box with max hardware support.
Cool, but too flawed for daily use
Best of the Best
Amazing!!
FAST, closest to a cable box ,but does so much more. No regrets buying this one.
Using for IPTV - look that! Running 4K iptv in great UH resolution!
Dead batteries in a new remote WTF?
Best I have owned
I wouldn't recommend this product if you own a projector that only ...
It is the best one out there
It's a beast!
Great product
Four Stars
Worth every penny
Great box but remote doesn't work
Nvidia Excellence
The only box that?ll play all 4k, high bitrate, hdr, hd audio files natively 0 buffering. Android tv....complete garbage.
Only issue is the sound stops working on apps from ...
It performed well for one week. then the remote ...
Great device and perfect if you are a plex user
Downgrade from 2015 version
Best streaming box on the market
Great streaming box
Overall good product but the remote has a lag that doesn't ...
Best android streaming box!
Much better than expected; very fast and YouTube videos work extremely well.
Really fast
The Nvidia Shield is the best streaming devices
Seems to play anything
Got it a few days ago and love it so far
Great at retro emulators, even better with plex and a hdhomerun tuner
Nvidia shield... Small powerful and full of surprises.
Fantastic performance
great while it lasted
Outstanding HDR 4K Android Box
This thing is awesome! Fairly nice game selection but would like to ...
Batters dead in remote looks like was previously opened
Amazing device
Nothing short of Amazing!
I love this box.
Hidden Gem
nvidia shield tv is great product
Bad output
Best Android TV I Know
As described
The beat Streamer + games!
Perfect Product
Sleek
As happy with this as my Roku Ultra
it's a shield
Fast, reliable, great picture and no laggy apps.
Super Streaming box with plenty of extras!
Terrible remote lag makes it frustrating to use.
Greatness.
How to be happy without cable tv.
Number One Android Streaming and Gaming Device
Perfect for streaming games from your PC to the living room.
Dude!!!!! This is awesome!!
great for kodi
Five Stars
but it's promoted as if it can easily replace your other units
Great piece of hardware and software
Excellent media box
Fantastic bundle for a reasenable price!
Hello Shield goodbye other streaming devices
Best product in the smart TV/ android TV realm
Go for the top, hands down one of the best android boxes out there
Great device but could be more user friendly.
Remote or shield often hangs for several seconds
Do not buy if you plan on streaming your own video from local NAS.
The best android tv device made ever!
Absolutely fantastic streamer. Literally the best streaming experience on every ...
The box is awesome and Powerful but the controllers really suck
Five Stars
Worth every penny because ...
Good media console. Not going to replace XB or PS
Best android platform streaming device
i love this. great for when your tired of watching ...
ONe of the best media players in the market
Marvelous
Just an Ok Android Device
A perfect cord cutter device!
Worth the Money!!
Best Android TV device
THIS THING IS SWEET!!!!!
the BEST streaming box for your HD/4K TV
Works great! Awesome upgrade from the nexus player I had ...
Operating System Always Upgrades
Lightning fast.
Great Android TV, fine for free gaming, terrible at streaming your games.
Best Streaming Device
Great streamer for gamers
Three months of use and my Nvidia Shield stopped working!!!!!
For Kodi, Get this!!  Save yourself headaches with other boxes.
So glad I bought the shield TV
Recommend. I love it
LOVE the Interface
I'm loving it!!!
Best in class, hands down.
DON'T UPGRADE THE REMOTE TO VERSION 1.15
Best android tv
Perfect except for the remotes.
I completely recommend this product not only for the games
Still the Best Android TV box, after nearly 4 years....
Best TV streamer
Nvidia shield TV non pro
Great for gamers, but not for the average streamer.
WIfi connectivity is poor. Ran all updates
Excellent unit, this is the one to beat.
Great for media streaming
Above and beyond expectations.
#1 Android TV box
Fantastic Little Streaming Box...
I am glad because this baby is faster and more stable
It's the best thing ever I use it every day as my ...
this is the best movie streamer I have ever seen hands down
Bech tech purchase I've made in a long while!
Believe the Hype
Five Stars
Great streamer remote sucks microphone in it doesn't work.
Comparable functionality for much less money using alternatives.
Good but not great
Not worth the money
Awesome. Super fast and easy to use
Best streaming box out there forget the rest
Great Media Box
GOOD GRAPHICS
Amazing speed! Fastest streaming device around.
Overall good experience
Shield Upgrade
Media+gaming compact.
This is the fastest streaming player I have used. ...
I've had my NVIDIA Shield less than a year and the latest update killed it.
Worth the price!
A true streamer for any gamer
Works well!
worth every penny and more
One of the best purchases on Amazon
Whats not to love.
Clearly the best Android TV set box
Worth every penny...
By far the best
Best...ever
Major Audio Bugs
This is the best of the best if you know how to use ...
The only thing I really wanted this for was to ...
loving this thing its much better then the Firestick
The only device for 4K HDR+WCG Netflix and Amazon Prime for Sony 4K Projector
Still King of Streaming device
best streaming device ever
Best Android TV device I've tried, by a long shot
ALL THAT GLITTERS AIN'T GOLD
Versatile streaming
Mainly used for 4k local streaming and high fidelity music
The best streaming video player is still the best
Remote problems
No SD card slot on this model.
Absolutely fabulous
DO NOT APPLY THE UPGRADE
I love how fast the Nvidia Shield is
high specs streaming device
Best android tv box
Absolutly amazing
Best Android TV box out there
A do it all media player!
Great value and product.
Overall the NVIDIA Shield TV works great for me
Smoking hot box. Added a 2 tb drive and ...
Five Stars
Batteries quit after 2 weeks
Five Stars
Better than. Nexus Player.
It's ok but not great.  Has been quite frustrating.
The Best Gaming Console on the Market
... apps developed for the android tv are not necessarily good enough I wish all straming/video apps such as Netflix ...
Best Streaming Device Around
To cut through the hype?a few BUTS..
Amazing!
Nvidia shield tv best of the best
It's kind of hard to enjoy this media player when the batteries in the remote ...
Five Stars
It just works - Cannot go wrong with one of these Media streamers!
I love it: I tried the Apple TV 4k using ...
product is perfect! i was worried for a while regarding the ...
Very good investment if you?re a cord cutter!!
Nvidia Powerhouse! Worth every Penny!!
Five Stars
Great value for entertainment center
5 stars
Great streaming Media server
best android box you can buy
Love the shield!
Worth every penny. Last media box you will ever need.
Awful especially for the price
amazing
Don?t hesitate!
Five Stars
Perfect media streamer
Game Changer
Remote lags, useless Mouse Toggle app scrolling, and not faster than a Fire TV
Major Dissappointment
Android TV support
I can't believe i how great this thing is, Get one!
If you need a streaming box, don't waste time with anything else
Best Android TV box available hands down for the last ...
Best Android Box
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it!
Shield tv
Good Game Streaming
Boots up very quickly,  Graphics exclent for unit that size
Great little kick butt machine
Locked up on Netflix start up
It does justice....
Best speed, Best picture, Best not break it again.
great product and super fast
Am returning! Keeps shutting off!
Disappointed
Cannot use IR remote with it
Remote issues
Best Android TV on the market
Made a big difference in streaming TV
Smh glad I didn't pay full price
when wired ethernet port works
Streaming monster!
Awesome streaming and gaming device!
Simply the Best
Five Stars
Beats anything I've ever plugged into my TV.
hands down this is the best streaming device out in the market for 2017
Expensive and not worth it
Much improved controller makes this a must have for gamers.
It's aight
The Nvidia Shield is an awesome Android gaming console
Awesome
Works great
Ferrari of the streaming world...
Crazy fast and great picture!
Five Stars
Great device, the 2017 version is very compact and powerful
Best streaming device
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield purchase lasted me about 5 months.
Best streaming service in the market
This thing is a freaking god send!!!!!
What a blast!!!!!!!
The NVIDIA SHIELD TV Streaming Media Player is a great little unit
Powerful Reliable Streaming Box
Gratamente Impresionado
Good tv box
i really really like this device
Quick delivery. Quality parts. Dead Batteries or Bad Remote?
The available apps except for the availability to use my cable provider's streaming app makes this my favorite streaming box
TV Remote Issue Significantly Impact the Experience
If your looking to step up your cord cutting game
I love it.
Five Stars
Gives the best streaming experience
worth the money, great investment
Very excellent and I would recommend it
Like It.
Love it it's so good
Nice content player
The Nvidia Shield works fine, I am not really happy with the android ...
and I think it is the best on the market
2017 Absolutely the best streaming video box
Remote battery is crap. I build my own enclosure and use AAA ...
Very nice android
Five Stars
Overall I'm satisfied with the purchase as when I ordered it there ...
Hulu users look for something else.
Cannot recommend
Powerful streaming device
Five Stars
Strongly recommend it
Great for cutting cable
Nvidia shield is very sleek
BUY THIS AND SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE
Batteries in the remote were dead upon arrival
glitchy, slow
Best Media Device I Have Owned
It works for me and my fam.
Four Stars
Fricking best android TV streamer out there!
Great remote and menu interaction
Can't get better when it comes to streaming games or playing games on your TV
Must buy
Definitely buy this.
Excelent device. But I can not give it 5 ...
Buy a mouse for video games, it works to get rid of the "Game not supported" message.
The best Android TV box i have ever had
Best streamer
Love it was worried that it would be slow or ...
Does not live up to the hype
but a nice piece of equipment
Buy the pro
newly purchased, soi have to use for couple of months in order to review
Great product
Nvidia streaming box
I'm an AppleTV guy who's bought into the AppleTV ecosystem ...
Complete waste of money
Excellent!
It was decent product.
What took me so long?
Nvidia Shield
Kodi friendly its easy to download with no apps needed an much faster then the firesticks
Best video streaming console for 4k
Don't hesitate. Just buy.
paying the extra 100 for the large storage is a smart buy. I hooked it up with a converter ...
batteries don't work
Perfect Android Tv in the market
Good fun - Android TV, HDHomerun Prime, Steam
Five Stars
The best TV box
Best streaming box on the market
Just what I needed
Great for streaming with the fastest processor on the market
Awesome
Quality and Functionality
Great TV box.
I love this so much
Best android TV on the market
Great solution for casual gamers and serious streamers
Really nice piece of kit
Disappointing , malfunctioning junk .
Best Android TV streaming box out there
Best for Streaming
Five Stars
PRODUCT FAILED AFTER 1 MONTH
This is such a good product that it's my second one.
As advertised
Best quality box for sure!!!!!
Five Stars
Love it
Product is fantastic & met all expectations, Perfect.
WOW
The best TV streaming box out there, but not for everyone
very good
I like it when it works but less 1 month use ...
Strong little media player
Console killer
Streaming Device
The shield tv is awsome no problem just wish i ...
Five Stars
Best Android TV box!
I want to buy another
Greatest Android TV box EVER!
Best Media Streamer on the Market.
Fantastic product
Not compatible with most android apps.
Great device for streaming
If you want the best - buy this!
Terrible!!
Perfect, simply put
Good quality but waste resources
Definitely the best!!
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition
Slow
Five Stars
Was only a fraction above being a total waste of money
Shield Isnt The Great Device Advertised
Awesome system
Love this Box
Bad Product, Bad Support
Awesome!!
Nvidia
Best streamer in the market
Just buy it, don't waste money on the others.
I LOVE this machine
Love Nvidia Shield TV
Glitzy advertisement and promotion on Front End, Poor support on the Back End.
great product.
Best product ever!
The best 4k platform hands down for using with Plex
The best option for your tv
System good remote sucks
I can?t register my device on the Nvidia website
Five Stars
Easy to setup and use.
I love it soooo much.
Android TV
Take my money!
Great Product
Wonderful product
Best media box out there
Nice
Best streaming option in town!!
Very easy to setup!
Awesome system
Five Stars
FIRST TIME USING NVIDIA Shield TV
No returning it keeper 100% fortite runs like a king
Very good product
Best 4K streamer on the market
What can I say? Fast, smooth, streams ...
Top of the line!
Best media streamer on the planet
#1 android t.v.
Great..
It really delivers
Cut yourself loose
Did not receive a unopened/new nvidia shield tv
Like Daniel said
Best Android box. Nothing compares.
Best of the best
Best ever.
Bought for a friend
Shazam!
Great
Great product
Versatile Power House
a small pc would have been better.
Amazing!!!
Very fast
Nvidia Shield TV is amazing!
Great item
Great idea - Poor execution
Plenty of power
The outer casing is scratched.
The one to have
Not proper android. Can't install most apps.
Technically Sound But Very Disappointing
Fabulous
Great device
No enough ports
Best streaming box in the market.
Volume control is too sensitive
All my complaints come from streaming sources like Sideloader and GOOGLE App Store
The better Android TV in my opinion
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect
This has to be hands down the BEST money I have spent
Four Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended
Works perfectly!
Simply the best.
Would recommend
Best 4k tv streaming
Fantastic device
Works very well
Not a good purchase
great price
Buzzing BAD- Video Below
The way cord cutting was meant to be.
Buy it.
Five Stars
A must for a homemade arcade
Awesome, after easily loading kodi from the App Store
So much better the FireTV!
Highly recommended..
Works fine, good pic.
Best device out there
Best streaming device with Android.
Works with 7.1 sound bar
Excellent product so far.
Just works
Five Stars
Best mini computer for streaming video
Awesome
Most stable media streaming
Good quality
Buy this one.  So very fast and easy to use
Would buy another
SUPERKALAFRAGALISTXPEALADOUSH
Love it! No more buffering.
Awesome
Best streaming box there is! PERIOD!!!
You can ?Trust the Hype? on this product
Added an external hard drive to increase the storage. ...
best android streaming box.
Incredibly happy with the purchase. Gamestream is awesome.
Best TV companion device!
Works great
Five Stars
Love it!
BADA$$!!!!!!
Great product!
Five Stars
??
It's a beast!
Five Stars
Amazing
Good for combining all media needs
Great product! Great Service!
I love it
Nexus Player - MiBox - Shield TV
Best home media.
Best android media player so far
There is no web browser
Best in the market!
Cable
Great
Do your research before you purchase so you are not disappointed.
Would highly recommend except for short longevity of Shield Remote
Cord Cutting With Confidence
Great
Perfect
Four Stars
My Media Everything
Impressive
... to a fire stick and it does it's job wonderfully.
Awesome product!
Excellent
I love this thing
Three Stars
Perfect 4K HDR and GAMING system
Could not deal with the cheap crap i was using before this
Great streaming but gaming just so so
AWESOME!!!!!
Good
Great box yet missing Dolby Vision
So far this has been the best streaming device I've owned/tried
Five Stars
nice tv
Great product but has unusual limitations
Amazing as advertised
Game controller bricked
Money well spent.
Best steaming device
Reliability.
Love the Nvidia sheild for all streaming
BEST STREAMING DEVICE ON THE MARKET l
Love my shieldtv
Five Stars
Awesome Product works flawlessly
Best media player you can buy
What the steam link wanted to be
This is the best devise for Kodi and more
The best of the best
Excellent
Nvidia Shield
Buyer beware
I love it so much.
Love my Shield
Just buy it..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Best bang for your buck.
It works as stated
Love it!  Best PLEX Box BUT SO MUCH MORE!
Excellent product!
It's Android Tv
More than what you expect
Five Stars
Worth every penny
Awesome
Ease of Use
Need to add optical output.
works great
This box is awesome, I can?t believe after all this time I?ve ...
Game Controller's Battery life short a bit
Perfect for cord cutting  Saves $$$$$
Power adapter sucks and getting a new one is a nightmare
A little expensive but worth the price
Great box for the money !!
Five Stars
Best streaming box in the world!
Do not worth the money
Best Android Streamer, BUT . . .
This is a very wonderful cable cutting replacement device
Great Tech
Best android box
bad connectivity as well
Nvidia Shield Rocks
Excellent Android TV Box
Good item
Expensive one, but worth for that..
Bluetooth doesn't work.
Worth it !!!
Perfect 4k Plex Playback
Excellent
Great Product when Setup Properly
BUY BUY AND BUY IT NOW
Five Stars
No comment necessary.
Great system
Best streaming device!!!
Great product picture shows excellent colors
The best Android TV out there.
Five Stars
Perfect
... as many apps as I'd want but it's a great media player
Five Stars
Pass until the hardware/interface is improved
Everything you need in a little and powerful box!
Best streaming box Worth the money stay away from Roku ...
Very good tv box
Five Stars
Good product and price.
Killer Streaming Box
Worth the money.
Apple Tv doesn't compare!
Five Stars
These are the best android TVs
Five Stars
excellent product does need some setting up
The best for your TV
Five Stars
Decent plex client
Love it!
No batteries
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two big failures and Nvidia will not support
Best one out there!
Not working!!!!!
very good product
Simply the best!
Untrusted shield product line
Worked great for 5 days
Fastest best Android box currently in 2018 from what I understand
Best product for streaming
Don't bother with other Android boxes
Shield works great, Remote not so much
Great Streaming box with crappy game controller
Worked great for 6 weeks
Five Stars
Rubbish
Five Stars
Son enjoys it
Best TV box ever
Five Stars
BUY BUY BUY...
Poor reliability! Roku is likely the better bet for most people.
Five Stars
Five Stars
NVIDIA Shield. THE BEST!
Must have for Plex, DVR users!!
Nvidia Shield is the Best??
Thanks
Five Stars
PROPRIETARY to GOOGLE, NOT RECOMMED
But the combo unit with sheild remote if you intend on gaming
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield
Best streaming device for smart TV
Five Stars
Five Stars
Probably the best streamer out there
Five Stars
ok
Stop working after a few months
I've heard this is a great gaming machine
Fix the bugs, NVidia
Five Stars
need built in touch pad!
This is the best and fastest device we have found for streaming and ...
Works Great overall. I wish the remote volume control was ...
Shield review
Amazing product
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
I love the Nvidia
Worth every dollar
thumbs up
The best! Hands down!!
Five Stars
LOVE IT
Five Stars
Good concept.
Super fast shipping, great quality product!
Four Stars
Great price
I love Android TV
Amazing
Five Stars
Beat streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stopped working.
Great for retro gaming
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to use
Five Stars
Perfect device for lounge or bedroom TV.
Nvidia isn't what it used to be.
Finally directv now loaded and operating on nvidia shield tv assisted by Logitech k400 for operation
WORKS GOOD
The best
Great Media Player - Remote control needs improvement
Five Stars
Very good
Happy
Five Stars
Good game console
Worst Amazon purchase for me.
Returned
Great item
Fault power adapter
Plenty of back up
Alil pricey but worth it
Sorry I waited so long to buy amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it!
Five Stars
100% Awesome
good but with issues
Goooood~
Excellent Streaming device
Five Stars
Love
lo mejor
Best Kodi box I have used and the remote is ...
awesome
Four Stars
Excellent all round Android TV box
Comcast Subscribers Beware
Best streaming box out
Roku on steroids for gamers
Great buy for tv buffs
Awesome tv and gaming console
High quality product
As some have already said, the Shield is the best streamer!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best Android box
Best Plex media player bar none!
Five Stars
Great device - but go for the PRO model
The player is good, but the remote control was not working after 2 months...
Best streaming player on the market
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streamer on the market
Excellent quality
Best android tv box
nVidia Shield TV is my favorite android TV box.
Five Stars
Internet speed is absolutely awful
Five Stars
Best streaming device
Took a great product and made it even better
Great 4K Streaming
Entertainment Value
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best cord cutting/shaving device available
Great player with many features
Defective
Great hardware, but wonder if this type of streamer might lose industry support?
Great product
Five Stars
Its a great streaming device!
Five Stars
Great
Excellent as media center
Nvidia maintains their updates and using this device is so easy.
works fast
Dependable so far
Five Stars
Love it, except for some of the faults of ...
The best in Android Tv
BEST STREAMING DEVICE EVER
Worked good for 3 months maybe
Perfect
La mejor android tv box!!
Great product!
Good product
Best Android TV on the market
.
Great device
Love My Nvidia Shield
Received as expected...Thank YOU
Five Stars
Got buggy after a few days.  Factory reset did not take care of the problem.  Significant response delay to the remote control.
Great!
Amazing Device, Can Stream my Games to the big ...
Great device
Great product!
Not quite as good. But very close
Perfecto
Has all the apps I want!
Honest opinion
Shield TV sometimes does not recognize certain HDMI 2. ...
Yes it's that bad ass
Fast powerful and reliable
Great job
Switched from a 2nd gen firetv it was worth it ...
Not worth money
Amazing machine! If you want to take over the ...
Extremely frustrating until you let it get updated.
Second one, love it
Best android box
Nvidia Shield Gam,ing Edition
I love this box!
Best Streaming Media Player
much better than my previous android
Overall a good choice for movies and games
No more buffering like experience from other unit on the market
Although not the cheapest, definately the best
Absolutely love my Shield
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best android based tv box
Google Play Store NOT Included
Five Stars
fast shipping good streaming device nice 4K media player supports both DTS ...
looking for an android device this is the one.
Buy one you'll love it.
Very nice and easy to use
The Best!
Three Stars
Love This
Nvidia Shield is the best android box!
Game
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy and never look back
Five Stars
Great device for entertainment but wish the price was a little less.
Five Stars
Much much better than Amazon Firestick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... and it was within my price range wanted the best. Really quick and although many boxes claim to ...
Amazing gadget, worth every cent paid for
Must have streaming box for all android enthusiastic
Get it you will be happy!
The best from android boxes
... bought the pro one last year and was the best purchase for streaming
Four Stars
Five Stars
Media player, but so much more!
Locked down, unreliable, mostly a platform for trying to sell you games
Best Android TV Box in the Market
Nvidia
Very happy with the Shield
AMAZING!!!!!!!
Very good control
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition | 4K HDR Streaming Media Player - What a fantastic box
great Android box
Need more games on geforce now
The Best Android TV
Awesome product. Loving it.
Great, albeit pricey, streaming device.
Five Stars
The best android TV streamer available
Recommended product for all
Perfect!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Investment.
One Star
Unusable due to connection issues.
Pretty happy so far
Excellent product works excellent as described remote will only last one week
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good product and very happy to say it works really ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Great!
Great purchase
Top of the food chain
So far I am pleased I do not expect any problem watched a lot ...
Amazing
Not working
All I gotta say is this thing is fun!!
I best android tv box on the market
Nvida shield
Best box
The remote
The Best Period!
BUY IT NOW!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very very nice!!!
Four Stars
I love it.
Superb Android tv
Remote control needs to be redesigned and replaced
??
Excellent
Five Stars
Satisfied customer
SHIELD
The Good: Plays Netflix
Great Box
Best android tv ever
Te best there is
THE BEST ANDROID BOX
The Best Android TV Device
This machine is a beast.
Great streamer
Perfect Plex Streaming Device
The best android TV
Five Stars
Received used or returned merchandise
Maybe the fastest android TV box
Excelent product
Four Stars
Five Stars
Number 1 performance quality.
Nvidia is the champ
Must buy
Love it
Great streamer
???
Best Android TV on the market!
Five Stars
I want another one
Good, but falls just short of perfect
Five Stars
The Best Streaming Box
Amazing product and quality by far the best Android media ...
Little harder to set up.
Two Stars
Became slow, laggy, and unresponsive within a few days
Best box I ever owned
best android box ever
Exelent
Best Android TV box.  Extremely solid, polished and fast.
best media player for kodi
Five Stars
Five Stars
El mejor tv box con android tv
Stable and solid media box
love
Just as advertised
No more cable for me
High-quality and easy to use
Five Stars
works great. The only thing is Google assistance doesn't work
Very good product
Works as advertised
Four Stars
You cannot go wrong with this item. Easy to install.
Easily the single best piece of technology I have in ...
Five Stars
Good so for
Amazing
this is legit. you can play so many games ...
Five Stars
Very Nice
Amazing streamer
Excellent streaming and entertainment box
?
Very nice AIO STB
This is a great android TV
Excellent System
Great for all different apps
The speed of the processor
Hands down best streaming device
A+
Number One
The best I have ever had and I have had a ...
Four Stars
Best android tv box you can buy, no other comes close!
Top streaming Device
Awesome!
Five Stars
Super fast
No compaints
fastest tv box
Best TV box out there
Five Stars
Great conections, stable performance.
wow!
Why did I wait so long to buy it?
Five Stars
Best streaming box by far.
Good: Play almost all type video rate video
Had it for over 6 months and I just love it.
The most complete Streaming Media Player
Buy It Now
Five Stars
Awesome
Small & smart
It will serve you for a year/year and a half and it will stop working.
Totally awesome the fasted box out there nothing comes close Works ...
Great media player that plays all my home media and streams as well
Great product !
Five Stars
Great Device
Apparently great.
Fix controller
Best Android TV for the moment
Love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Impressed
Five Stars
It's a great streaming device / gaming console
Best way to view Youtube TV!
In Korea, we only ship controllers, but we're sorry to hold them.
Four Stars
Good product.
NVIDIA SHIELD
Great High-Performing Streaming Device
Way better than amazon tv
Fast and Furious
Five Stars
Great
I would recommend this to everyone even if it's only for use ...
A lot packed into one box
Highly recommend
Easy to use , smooth interfaces
Making this thing work is very fustrating ......
Great little box
Wish i had this my entire streaming life
Top Dog
It's faster than all other tv boxes. Just that the mouse needs to be more interactive
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lean, mean, streaming machine
Nice litle machine but i have problem
No Headphone Jack on Remote
Quality Media Player.
Awesome box
I?m loving it a lot
Five Stars
Excelente
great
Four Stars
Four Stars
I am very satisfied with the product
The monster is here.....
Good performance
Best in class
This box is amazing. The layout is stunning and its?extremely easy to ...
Amazing media player for all your media?s
Love this box
Absolutely the best streaming box out there
Awesome
Best box ever I ordered one box then my payment ...
DTS master hd
Five Stars
Five Stars
Dont hesitate take 2
Superb build quality
Excellent unit.
Very nice
Don't hesitate
Nvidia Shield
RC problem
A good TV box-Nvidia shields
Great picture and sound quality !
Excellent
Great device when it worked but it went into sleep ...
Pros-EVERYTHING
Must buy
GodVidia Shield TV is a amazing video player for watching 4k videos
All good. No complaints
You got to buy one
can read many file smoothly and good picture
Good
second-hand goods
Good buy
Where?s my controller?
Great
netflix dolby atmos
Snappy, responsive and we'll designed interface. 4k HDR @ 60Hz Kodi and Nvidia Gamesteam work great
Five Stars
Gotta say not worth the money spent
Must buy for streaming needs
Worth it. Great media streamer and gaming console
The setup is quicker if you skip the sync to account. Add your account after setup.
Product arrived with several scratches on the device and the remote control is not working well
The Best
Powerful device
An absolute must have for any home
Completely satisfied!
Sinply the best
Quality
NVIDA rocks
About the Player
Three Stars
very nace
just connect it to fast internet and you are good to go
Best gaming and streaming system
The best
.
Great movies and streams
Good
One Star
The best playback device
Five Stars
Everything as described!
TOLLESTON LOVE
I love this thing
Awesome device
Best streaming media player ever
Five Stars
The best
Best box out there
Love the Shield
Battery tray
Use xbox controller
The best way to go!!!
Great little box
Works good
Five Stars
Must have
Love it
Five Stars
By far the best Android TV box I had
Excellent device
The best android TV ever!
Arrived fast!
It just works
Five Stars
Nunca recib? el producto
Four Stars
A Must Buy.
The fastest
Absolute best piece of tech I have ever purchased
Best product i ever bought nvidia is top notch
Five Stars
Great processing speed, great wi-fi speed, great ethernet speed, great remote
... watched YouTube videos to see if any solutions only good reviews so why doesn?t mine work box was dirty ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Great device, LOUSY TV REMOTE!
most useless product
Awesome performance worth the extra money
Five Stars
Great media player
Best box!
Everyone should own one!!!
Controller is more essential than a remote
A very good android box
Amazing! Fluent playback for video and GeForce Now works ...
Why the button battery so short life,  0ne day out of power
Everything
One Star
Excellent hardware. Only problem I have noticed is with ...
Nvidia
Five Stars
I recommended.
Not sure
Best streaming device
Youtube HDR not supported
Price
... but it kept hanging earlier during setup but seems better now.
i like the whole package
Five Stars
Worth the price.
Awesome
easy use
Five Stars
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Gaming Edition | 4K HDR
Works great.
Five Stars
The best system out there
Equipment Stop Working
Nvidia shield
Excelente
Five Stars
AMAZING ITEM!
Five Stars
Great Android box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best media streamer
Streaming at its Best!
La mejor tv box
The best
Very simple can even connect to your phone
We love em.
overall a good player despite sometimes random crash or unable to wake ...
Best Android box hands down
Amazing TV box
One of the Best
High end product from Nvidia
You won't regret this purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nvidia shield
Best device for your money.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best andtoid tv box
Best streaming device
Brilliant Android TV streaming box
NVIDIA SHIELD TV delivers
The remote is very responsive, and goes through walls ...
The best.
Excellent android box for Kodi
Five Stars
Versital TV Box
Awesome
Very Happy
Shipping
The interface is responsive and easy to use
Four Stars
Best of the best
Five Stars
Happy customer
Five Stars
Wii buy another one.
the small remote is very laggy and the cast feature ...
Five Stars
Powerful video quality!!
Nice!
garbage
the product is really nice however, little concern that i receive the item ...
defective controller
Fantastic
Just plug and play
Four Stars
still the best
Nvidia is the best for streaming
must work wired
?
Five Stars
Awesome purchase
Perfect Product for our Needs
Good
Five Stars
It's pretty, pretty cool.
The unit works as described
No contest best of the best
Awsome
Best Streamer Yet, still room for improvment
US-plug only
Good Quality
Best streaming device
Awesome product!
Five Stars
but overall it was a good experience.
Five Stars
LOVE IT!!!
Five Stars
Totally worth it
Good with thumbs up !!
all you need.
Amazing Box, After NVidia replaced the first one
Five Stars
One Star
Very good
Five Stars
great streamer
and a good feature of Streaming Plex Serer good
Five Stars
I recommended
Most powerful Android TV box
Good product, but have a power issue
On Time, It works as expected
-
very nice ?but i need menu button on the remote
Simply
Five Stars
Best investment
Five Stars
Perfect streaming
Five Stars
Strong best all-in-one streamer with extra features. Not for cheap though.
Need to buy HDMI Cord
Quick shipment with superb picture and sound quality. But ...
????
Brilliant product and is exactly as described
Game playing power house
Best Streaming Device Period!
This is perfect for someone who doesn't have a smart TV
Worth every penny!!
Very good product
Five Stars
Very well built box
Love it?
Five Stars
Best android tv box...but still need improvement
Five Stars
Easy to set up
Stop watching cable tv and buy one of this things!
Best android tv
Quality product
Excellent
Best ever, I have the 2015 model and got ...
Five Stars
all good
Nothing beats it.
disappointing
Best Android TV box by far
Five Stars
easy,convenient,powerful tv box
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
powerfull shield for child animation files
Best device in the market today.
A for AWESOME
all good but expansive
Great multimedia player
The best Andorid TV Experience
Big like
Works great straight out of the box
Best Media player around
Five Stars
Excellent
Best streaming available
Speed and power
Five Stars
But the box has dents like fall. Overall is considered
Flawless
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nvidia Sheild TV
Great interface
-2 Stars because STILL not at Android 8
it works real nice
Fast delivery and good quality
The best
Fast
Five Stars
U cant be wrong buying this
So far so good, shipping was a little confusing as I had ...
Must Have
Great purchase
Great
Not satisfied
Best purchase in years
The best option
Mostly the best stable product as a android tv
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
DOA
Best tv box period
The Shield is amazing, best product out there
Five Stars
You'll like it.  Easy to operate and definitely worth it
Great emulator and streaming device
Best Android player
Great Device
Quality
very nice android TV box fast nice good quality remote and ...
Finally!  Android TV that meets all my needs!
Player
Remote batteries need replacement in two weeks.
The best tv box!! ????
Powerful and sleek
Best Media Player by far!
Very fast
It's great
Excellent product!
If you just stream content the Sammix R92 is the best box I have found
Good looking and good performance
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Streaming device available
Best android device
Best 4K experience ever!
Pleasant shopping experience
Satisfied product and fast delivery
Four Stars
Kicks
MUST HAVE
it is amazing.
Awesome device
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streaming system out
Five Stars
GET IT!
Great
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield ?
Fast
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it
Everything
Five Stars
Five stars five stars.
Five Stars
The item is amazing. It does everything i need
Great
not worth the money
A perfect example of a 5-Star product.
Can't stop using it. So many sleepless nights since ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice
love the Nvidia Shield
very nice android TV
Great
Awesome, the best top box available
Picture quality
good. but ...
Quality Experience
Good
Buy one!
Great product
Fantastic!
Four Stars
LOVE IT!
Gran producto.
So good I bought two
Great android box
nvidia great!
Well worth the money!!
Remote is entirely worthless. Goes to sleep during use ...
Machine is brand new and its working perfectly it's really mind blowing I like
owesome Android TV device.!!!! 4K ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to set up works
Five Stars
Perfect!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
power androidtvbox
Highly recommended.
Best tv box
Five Stars
Cloud gaming needs cable no wirelles
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Everything works well
.
Very good
Fast processing
Top adroid box
Absolutely amazing Android TV combo!
Good TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Update
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
expansive
Nice
Stream
Four Stars
Fantastic
Five Stars
Fast delivery
Five Stars
Yes, You Want One! Reward Yourself
Buen sistema
amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Surround sound doesn't work in most cases, returned.
Its easy to use
App
good
good
Good
Good
easy to use and install new games
Five Stars
Great player let down by a poor remote.
Greatest thing i have bougth ever
Nvidia is awesome
Five Stars
cord cutting
Great product quick delivery
All in one TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Device, lacking internal storage or expansion slot.
work great!!
Great TV right here!
I had a first gen shield and thought it was the best solution, but no Amazon broke the deal
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
fast and good
Excellent purchase, very quick delivery service
Can't use DirecTV Now. Otherwise, it's a great streaming device
The best media streaming device ever!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awesome product.
Should have bought one sooner
Five Stars
Great Device
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
2017 edition has poor build quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Media Streamer
Quick delivery...thanks
Five Stars
Interesting TV box device
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
amazing device.
Its excellent in every way
Four Stars
Four Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best as always but.......
Five Stars
Great Device!
Sadly shield support couldn`t or wouldn`t help
Five Stars
Easy to use and provides a smooth streaming experience
Does alot
Five Stars
it fast and best android box for streaming
Four Stars
It's that good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best TV box HANDS DOWN
Five Stars
Five Stars
Is the BEST TV box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Functional, some design issues
Five Stars
Some Issues but Overall Good Product
The best
Two Stars
Five Stars
I like it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
You'll be a prisioner!
Five Stars
Mouse wheel, Destiny 2, USB ports, Windows shares, Alexa, H265!
Five Stars
Streams everything great!
Five Stars
Great streamer !
Five Stars
Good job
Awesome device, best streamer on the market
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is the best option for sharing PC games on your big TV
Five Stars
#1
Love it: ) Mainly used for iptv
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
don't buy
Five Stars
Best Android media streamer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excelente
I'm enjoying the experience wish it was cheaper but it's great
Five Stars
Just get it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very powerful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best TV box i ever had
Great performance
Five Stars
Five Stars
I've got mega games, KODI, Plex, HomeRun HD, a gamepad and a remote w/ headphone jacks and volume control.
I love it, worth every
Nvidia shield 16 gig.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best streaming device in market - period
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
#1
I love it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Android Streaming device. Fast and powerful!
Best of the best
the game streaming is just fine, when it works with PLEX it's just
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Probably the best out-of-the-box streaming device you can get
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
KeepSolid works great and is only $25 per year
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't buy this, drop outs, freezes, pauses ...
even for a beginner like me.
Great device
Five Stars
Love the product!
Very Impressive.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it but remote stopped working after 2 wks
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic product.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
best android media box so
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding!!
Five Stars
Bad Remote Control
love
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The fastest media player
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great item. Works really well
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Perfectly
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This thing is awesome. I am not a gamer I purchased this ...
Doesn't connect
Want to Love it - Crashes all the time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great idea, but not an HTPC replacement yet...
Best Android Media Center EVER
Buy it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome....
Very buggy!
Five Stars
Great STB - Horrible Game Controller!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
NVIDIA SHIELD
Slim remote kinda sucks, and the software needs minor tweaks.... but it's still awesome.
Five Stars
Has its good and bad points. If you just want to watch TV, check out other devices first...
Best bang for your buck.
Five Stars
Nice but technical issues (with user's brain)
Five Stars
Disconnects from Interent
Best. Streaming
Unbelievably fast.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Manufacturing/Update Defect
1. setup was a breeze. If you have ...
Five Stars
Love the Shield
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good
Five Stars
Excellent device. Plug in a hard-drive for a complete ...
Five Stars
Nice unit
NVIDIA SHIELD TV Streaming Media Player (2017 model)
A must have for television and game streaming
Streaming is good but there are limited google apps we can use ...
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield Dead
Just WOW!
good graphics. I read that to some buyers it ...
I was worried that this would end up just like so more toys I buy
Worth every penny!!!
Does exactly what I purchased it for, but still has a ways to go
So buggy and not worth that money. More aggravation than its worth
Dead
Pretty great so far!
Finally received my box
One Star
D works amazing!! the gaming didnt work well at all ...
Rest - sucks: - No air mouse on remote control
Arguably the best TV box yet
The remote is so bad
Works great for Android games and Media Streaming. Nvidia PC Gamestream is horrible.
Great but ...
Five Stars
it cost a lot more than my amazon tv but it's super quick. I just wish there's a way to ...
Having a smart television, my primary use
Fantastic machine, but the remote not having a charger ...
Device completely stopped working within just a few months.
Not Ready for Prime Time
Perfect box but bum cord/controler
Horrible remote response time.
Five Stars
Terrible,Complete waste of money.
? ??
I like this system
Reuven
The included remote is horrible and easy to hit the wrong buttons
Newer isn?t always better.
remote control button(back button) is bad. i received the exchange but it is the ...
This works fantastic and it is nice and small so it doesn't ...
Good but works slow!
Great video box, OK audio
Quality Control Issues
Gamestream is awesome!  Video streaming unpleasant
Five Stars
Awesome hardware that fills a niche just not sure what one!
Would have been a complete piece of garbage if not for retroarch and the hotline Miami games
Does not play many 4k formats well - be warned
Very fluid
Came defective
Great TV / Streaming / Media Box / #1
Five Stars
Excellent!
Working great in Australia
So sad! So I sent it back for another one
Easy to set and extremely versatile.
Easy usage. Very fast
So many glitches I had to sell it.
Terrible
Auto trun on randomly? HDR with plex amazing
crappy Chinese Andriod
Look no further
Five Stars
you can save money by purchasing () the same level of this device and with less money like $ 30
Best streaming media device
the unit works fine when it works
likely due to poor reception of remote
None of the apps I regularly use work correctly.
Stream quality was sub-par
I like it, it is super smooth and fast
Very high end choice as an Android streaming box
Great Device
it has its uses ..love my nvidia either way
A LOT of starting hiccups, but it now seems to be working well
The best android tv box
Hands down the best media center for all the cord cutters out there
NAVIDA Shield
THE BEST KODI BOX ON THE MARKET
Not what you think it is.
?????
Remote doesn't work and their online support is awful.
OH BOY! This thing is fast and clear!
Remote is not fit for purpose.
Five Stars
Great player, terrible remote!
I will now recommend this device
Five Stars
It's OK I guess when compared to a firestick.
This is a great multimedia streamer - it's a little expensive but is ...
and yes I have already recommended it to a friend and they bought one already
Three Stars
Terrible design and construction.
The best
Two Stars
Lots of features but only when it works
Initially disappointed, but it got much better over time
Fantastic Kodi box.
after two weeks i brought the nvidia shield tv every ...
Amazing
Excellent produit, appareil tr?s r?actif
But if you connect external hard drive then its difficult to locate and manage hard drive contents as it supposed to be in good media player
Five Stars
Disappointed!
... and power of this shield is one of the best streaming devices that i have used so far
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
which doesn't do everything like moving apps around
Perfect for PC Gamers Who Watch Streaming Services
Super fast but an Expensive option for internet TV ect
Worst version of Netflix I have ever experienced.
And easy to
Worth the money !!
Overall though its great.
Five Stars
A streaming BEAST!
Amazing device, very strong like a beast
Four Stars
From Best to Worst
The best 4K player
Great for video gamers.
Launcher not customizable and has annoying 'suggestions' section front and center.  Remote very laggy and unresponsive.
Redesign the remote for a useful product.
Great stuff from nvidia!
Really good but needs 2 small tweaks
Shield is better than Apple TV with a catch...
Good 3D quality
Four Stars
Beware!!! 2017 version.
A streaming beast!
Great Android Streaming Option
however over all nice speed when using the
Five Stars
Terrible downgrade from previous version
Gamers only
Five Stars
Excellent streamer
One Star
i like it
Five Stars
Unusable
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best of the best of the best
it's good, but its limiting Android TV OS and poor ...
Despite excellent connections and a GTX 1080ti
Don't buy for gamestream if your monitor doesn't match your TV
Great box!  A little expensive but worth it.
Great product but not for us
Four Stars
It's essentially useless. How do I fix it or should I ...
Five Stars
So far I love it. Easy to setup and program
The good: Packaged arrived a week ahead of schedule in ...
Excellent product. Only gripe is for one of my ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Get something that works
Best Android TV.
They all work great but this device built off of Android TV is ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice peice by nvidia
Five Stars
Wifi does not work well at all
That I did no get the same as the pro but with 16gbs.
Bit off more than i coild chew
Love with it do,,,,Everyone need to get this,,
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kind of disappointed that the box has been opened before
The Nvidia shield is everything!*
Both the remote & Shield box do not work properly ... returning.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent product.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Android TV box
We received the package but there is a problem in ...
One minute the os works great next minute it?s slow and laggy
Thought it was gonna be huge. But was surprise ...
Three Stars
All is good..
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stopped working after a month.  You may get lucky.
Five Stars
it does not look like a brand new one
... have other android boxes but this one is the best by far
Four Stars
Remote control was good. I used it 3 weeks
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good streamer but few app support in India
in three days it gave up. the screen is blur if you connect it.
Not what I expected
... the talk and hype I was really expecting the good product. It basically does everything the Amazon Fire ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
A+ Product (C+ if you have Comcast)
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
No HMDI cable!!!
Best chord cutting bow you can buy.
Five Stars
The best of the best!
Five Stars
great interface, good remote
Five Stars
Five Stars
good, but i like the Minix u9 better no ...
Awesome!
Five Stars
Product return
Awesome!!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it! Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I like it alot better than the other ones
Five Stars
Great
you need high speed internet
Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best tv box
Five Stars
Five Stars
Tv box
Five Stars
I like it.
very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
No connectivity with Harmony Hub
Google play most popular games not supporting by shield.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good thing Amazon has such a good return policy.
bueno
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not sold that Nvidia is the best Streaming TV Media Player 2017 Edition
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
old version was great for streaming Kodi but the new hardware is garbage
Thanks for SCREWING me PLEX!
Not possible to use Plex Media Server after the most recent upgrade to Shield Expericne
the remote is easily my favorite remote I have ever used
The controller is a plus and function better than FireTV
Used faulty unit supplied. Paid for new
Limited Choice of apps
Device died in 2 days!
"Amazing Games, Played Your Way" In who's world? Not mine or my friends.
Don't jump, back away from the ledge. It's not worth it
I expected more from NVIDIA. Definitely not the company they used to be.
My husband loves their kung fun, sending it back
FAST DOWNLOADS AND UPLOADS. GREAT GAMES
DO NOT BUY GOOGLE DEVICES, BLOCKS VPN'S, MY USB DRIVE AND KODI
No power button?!?! Really?
unusable without google account tracking
Never buy nvidiagarbage products
... a replacement for one that didn't work and looks like this is going to be the same problem
Love the product look and quality feel
Highly Recommend. Will Purchase Again
Small in size, seems fast
Do your research, better products at lower prices
Very disappointed in it so far
HORRIBOL
The remote is horrible it works fine sometimes and other times you push ...
Works pretty awesome so far!
Misleading Advertising
Awesome. I LOVE THIS
One Star
I must have gotten a defective one. It never ...
Do no buy
Turn on device stays on nvidia logo and keeps restarting ...
Plex Server doesn't work
For android Kodi box it is well worth it by far.
Needs better music support
Four Stars
best tv addon in the market
GOOGLE OWNED
Four Stars
Five Stars
Setup is easy but disappointed that shield will not be supporting mouse ...
Reached at time as promised and very  good product
Not sure what was wrong here with this product but ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great concept, awful implementation for the remote, get something else.
Not worth the price for tv streaming
Remote and conrtoller stopped working
Useless -- a very frustrating very expensive device that doesn't do what it's supposed to do
Five Stars
Arrived and doesn't work. It will turn on for ...
aaah - no SD expansion
Remote Not Working
too expensive for what it is.
Five Stars
GARBAGE
Dissapointed and I own 3
TV Remote control services stopped
These devices are complete garbage. Do not buy them
its a best media
Horrible if not almost impossible to set up without an ...
very few apps are avaialble.
Bought it less than two months ago and it already isn't working.
This is really good. It has all the features I required from ...
Warning.....unit may malfunction at any time
fast, updated, genius
It works but it still think I got a used one
Every android device I owned.
Wasn't a good purchase for me
Returned Next Day!
?could not connect to repository? Can' install anything, most ...
The $60 Amazon fire stick would do the same thing.
Those that purchase this device should be made aware that ...
Best streaming media player out there, and it's not close
Five Stars
Buyer beware!
Lots of glitches and issues. This is like a beta product.
Batteries DOA.  Can't set it up.
Worked for less than 24 hours. EDIT: device seems to have recovered.
Will NOT work with ANY universal remote!
It's straight up buggy garbage. I'm tired of dealing with it
Worth the upgrade!!
A Solution Looking for a Problem
Not what it is advertised to be
Beta product
Nvidia did not live up to the hype or price
Why did you remove features from the old device! The remote is worthless at this point in time, previous version was much better
Does not live up to specs
Not worth the money
Android box--know what that implies before you buy
Piece of crap plastic remote with cr2032 lithium batteries. HOW DISAPPOINTING!!!!!!
The all-in-one One Box Solution I'd been looking for
Three Stars
Warning - Universal IR remotes won't work!
Automatic One Star to eavesdropping devices.
Garbage waste of money
worth every penny ?
The 1st Gen Shield TV was much much much better!
4K??? I don't think so.
Not a point a to b device, this is the Ferrari of stream boxes.
Replaced my Nexus player, finally
This is the streamer to get for advanced users in the Google Universe.
New Android 8 crashes the Apps
Best streaming device on earth
Bought From Competition
I love the Shield, hate the remote
... to all the youtube videos saying it was the best thing since popcorn but my experience with setup has ...
KODI using VC-1 encoded MKV users rejoice
I would like to know if the seler would exchange it for ...
Solid streaming media player, but needs work ...
Nvidia Support will let you down !
Best Streamer for Gamers Available
you cant add 3rd party apps to the main screen ...
Not a good local media player.
I have a fire stick and I never had problems ...
4 years and counting, it's amazing
No Other Streaming Device Comes Close
Two Stars
Decent media streaming, but I wouldn't use it for gaming at all.
Good performance, horrible remote
Worth every penny.
The answer for Cordcutting gamers!
You'd Better Have $50 Set Aside For A New Remote
Two Stars
Remote makes it unusable
This NVIDIA SHIELD TV did not work at all. ...
Hands down the best set top streamer available.
Expect fome frustration
Best money can buy from 2015-2018 and perhaps in 2019 too
Best and **ONLY** Android Box
Complete Garbage
Hard (close to impossible) to set up
Could be better, has annoying issues
The best Android TV device
Great, but starts to lag after a while. Like, badly.
More Trouble Than Expected
Really frustrated with the remote control. Come on NVIDA you can do better......
Worst user experience - ever
Poor customer service after boths controls failed.
Browsers and keyboard don't work with this device, can't reorganize Home
Can't wait to buy another one. Somewhere else.
Great Device, Terrible Remote
Awesome gaming rig replacement!
Wifi connection intermittent or unusably slow
Great product, though
100% THE BEST STREAMING BOX ON THE MARKET
Not worth the money
Revised: great product
great with some gripes
For the money only marginally better than the top of the line android tv boxes.
Surprisingly Awesome
OVER PRICED Dumbed Down Android Device!
Terrible customer service, no help on a broken device.
exceded my expectations, after 4 hours of research
Disappointing vs Firestick TV maybe
Best Video Streaming Device in 2017
Hands down the greatest of them all.
CRIPPLED DEVICE IF YOU HAVE A CHARTER/SPECTRUM SUBSCRIPTION.
Too many Google Play apps are not compatible
Garbage - Returning
It just works.
Great Android TV Experience
Best 4k Streamer Hands-down ! Period.
Total waste very poor built quality
If you can afford it, buy this instead of Roku
Nividia Streaming rules
Quick and to the point!
Crossed the Home Theater Rubicon, Never Turning Back.
Amazing Box (Especially for Plex)
Do NOT recommend this piece of crap.
Best Android Streamer in existence
Good until you need support
Not at all what I expected
Awesome in conjunction with a media server such as Plex or Emby
What you need to know about the REMOTE ONLY model.
Lasted just over a year... the 2nd one.
The functionality with the Nvidia shield is great. I do wish they would include a browser ...
DO NOT UPDATE YOUR SHIELD TV
The remote completely ruins the experience
This is a great upgrade from a SmartTV platform
The best set top box period.
Love this thing
Great all-in-one streamer but the remote makes it almost unusable.
Gaming Edition
One of the best available!
Best media streaming device you can buy: powerful hardware, great software.
AWESOME DEVICE
Dead after 3 months of use.
With this box there's too much TV to watch!
I couldn't be happier with this purchase
Nvidia was not for me
Great entertainment hub
Simply the best!!!!
Not worth the trouble.
Gamestream works really well.
Good in theory...
Not for me
You could get a streaming device for cheaper but
Charging port will fail, stay away
Don't walk......RUN!! from this junk!
Very disappointed!
Fast streaming device, good quality, expensive though
Not good
Decent if overpriced system. TERRIBLE remote.
Poor setup experience.
Great device
Pass on this if you're looking for a Plex server.
One Star
This is a wonderful Android TV OTT device
great Product, Revised Review
Top of the Line Streaming
... when you trying to exit kodi it takes a good 20 or 30 seconds to shut off for those ...
NO, not good enough NVIDIA
Get a Steam Link. The Shield is Over priced, glitchy and widely incompatible.
Not for the average user.
ONLY TV MEDIA BOX TO BUY. 10 OUT OF 10
4K HDR Streaming on Epson 4K projectors (4000,5040ub, etc)
... shield tv for about a year and it played fine. I have an external hard drive
Disappointed
Best Overall
I am really disapointed with this. It feels more like a beta or demo console for its huge problems in everything. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Great in-home streaming quality, poor mouse support.
The best smart TV
Update makes then bricks
Controller Died after 15 Months
Two Stars
and I really like it. Ive had many different kodi/streaming boxes
Great at what they do, but no DirectvNow and HuluTV capability
DON'T BUY THIS TO STREAM KODI OR AD-ONS!
Garbage
Terrible wifi
Senseless changes to a great product make this version undoable!
Look no further.  10 stars
No hulu live or youtube live.
Buy if you like pixelation.
Must get if you're a streamer and want something that always works.
Comcast Xfinity cable customers read this before purchasing Nvidia Shield
Best streaming device hands down
Meets half of its product promises
None Existent Support - Don't Waste Your Money
This thing is awesome. So fast in navigating
Pfft used to be good once...
will not turn on
Hdmi sold separately
One Star
b
No IR? Are you kidding me
Worth it, I guess.
Nividia shield Sucks!
It works great in general
Great
Neat, but very flakey. Returned.
Laggy remote completely ruins it.
Fuzzy 1080p/4K output compared to others, quality control issues
Save your money buy or buy something else.
Cheaper than a Home Theater PC. I've had 2 ...
Very good way of playing pc games
Five Stars
The best Android streamer available
Those same apps run perfectly fine on the firestick
Great product. There is a bit of a learning ...
Great when it worked, lasted 18mo. How convenient.
It's cool.
Don't buy for a Plex server.
This thing was great for a few months and now it just plain ...
Other streaming boxes are just pretending.
Best streamer for everyone, in particular the casual gamer!
Nvidia Shield TV
It's the best tv box out there but because it is not ...
Nvidia shield Rules
The only bad thing is that games like Need for Speed No ...
Shield not willing to back there faulty product
Five Stars
it is a great machine, but Nvidia is making new promises on ...
An amazing android TV product!
Kills the competition.
I love mine. Only use it for streaming
Locks up a lot
doesnt come with the basic hdmi cable
WDTV Replacement
Five Stars
Great machine.
Great Product for Streaming
Stopped working after 2 to 3 years.
Best Performing and Feature-rich Android TV box - period!
this thing is awesome
Their remote died with in 2 yr and you end up buying remote again since quality of remote is very bad. I would recommend to get this device since ...
The android TV experience on it was very bad. Here are the reasons why i returned it ...
Best ever
Stopped working after 2 months
Best there is...period!
Five Stars
One Star
Excellent product
I bought this as new but it's not new
The best streaming box on the market
Great product!
Not the usual Nvidia quality.
No HDMI Cable provided - AWEFUL!
Died after a month
NO AUDIO OUTPUT
The best steaming device you can get
Regrets
JOYSTICK
Nvidia seems to have abandoned users of this product !!
No plug adptor with device
Yes, it's still the best!
Not reliable reboot problem
Just received my Shield TV and am pretty disappointed to run into issues on launch
Lacks IR receiver; few apps; lacks customization
Not as easy to setup as all sites say
100% recommendable
Best streaming box ever
Great
Dead on Arrival, replacement non functional.
Controllers won't sync after reboot.
Shield tv
Great product
Main unit is fine, remotes plaged
The Best.. recommend YES
Five Stars
I think it's great! Awesome if you want to use snes
Scammer!
Two Stars
Gaming equipment
Great Android TV, Terrible Plex Media Server
GSUITE USER WARNING: Do not buy if you expect ...
Awesome product. :)
I buy it at 199 dollars and the 2 days ...
One Star
One Star
Four Stars
Originally awesom...Now, just MEH
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cannot believe this didn?t come with an hdmi cable. ...
Threw mine in the trash
One Star
Looks like even if you had the receipt
No voice activation, despite advertising it?
Absolute trash
EXCELLENT
No Thanks
Five Stars
Item with short the wire that plugs into the TV
There Is No Excuse For Removing the SD Slot
Expensive, Useless, and inferior to cheaper competition
I write after opening case. There's a scratch on ...
Update. Device is now completely dead.
I really would NOT recommend to buy it
One Star
Incompatible with logitech harmony and hub
They dropped the IR receiver?
Nivida Shield vs. S912 Android TV boxes
After three attempts to purchase a working shield tv, ...
One Star
Stay away from this over priced, over hyped box, UNLESS you need game streaming
Dead on arrival
The remote is a worthless piece of garbage. It?s unbelievable to me they would charge $50
Downgrade
Not acceptable for local media
NVIDIA failed on this one.
No HDMI included!!!!
I hope you like "Connecting to Google" because That's all this thing can ...
Simply the best media box out there for under $200.
I really like the device and the ways it customizes your experience
Best android tv box.
NVIDIA Fan boy? You bet, and with good reason!
Very highly recommended for a media type PC!
Great device.
Great
Pretty decent
By far the best option on the market
NVIDIA Shield
The Best Box Out There
NVIDIA SHIELD - Whats not to like about this streaming media player
The absolute best streaming box ever!
Love Love Love It
Not much storage
This is a great Android TV and media player
Blows away the rest...fire, slowku, apple, they do not compare
Works great..
GET THIS NOW!
Five Stars
Excellent value - will make any TV into a smart TV!
Honestly, just buy it.
Worth the extra money
Easy tomuse
Upgrade, smaller form factor, no IR or remote usb
Now I enjoy HDR, 4k netflix and amazon
Great Device. Probably the best Android TV box you ...
Finally cut the cable cord
Excellent product.
Easy setup
Nice stuff and best in it?s class
Nvidia Is Second To None
best set-top box i have ever used
Best TV box there is.  (Except the UI)
Five Stars
Three stars cause every once and a while it drops ...
Best streamer I've had
Powerful
Me encanta
Good product
Love it
Five Stars
The best
Thank you
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great box
Awesome Android power
Great buy!
Five Stars
Get it get it
This the best of the best media player
Five Stars
AWESOME!!!! LOVE IT!!!
very good. Affordable prices
Producto novedoso
I really wanted to like this. I bought it for Plex and to ...
Best of the best TV box + free games
Super Fast Awesome Streaming !!
Must buy!
Great
Great Android Right Here
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for streaming and gaming
3gb ram 16 rom tegra x1 CPU gpu perfection
I love it
remote problem
Five Stars
I really don?t understand all of the negative reviews.
Very fluid system
Nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for streaming around the house
Five Stars
Nvidia Shield
Do you like and understand tech
The best box ?
Excellent, Faster With External SSD.
Really is 4K!
Five Stars
DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!
I have Android Nougat full running on mine and it is great with full play store as well
stability
Fast delivery
A super speedy android box
You need this!
Mine Works But Has Poor Video Quality
Excellent product
Would recommend
Works well, but is a complete pain to set up
This is the one to buy!!!
Love it
Best 4k media player
great product
Great for the money
Speed - super fast!
Affordable PC gaming alternative multimedia entertainment device
The Remote would do thing on it's own
The best.
Just buy it already.......
Must buy
buy this !
Its the Best
Streaming
Great
Best one out there!
Awesome product
If you have little expectations you'll love it!
Great Buy!
Great Android tv box
Worth the money
Love it! Best investment for TV Lovers
fast
I like it better than my Gamer son
Superb media player
THE BEST ANDROID TV BOX MADE!!!
Great device!
Awesome
HDMI cable not included
Invidia
Great Multimedia Device
Works Great
King of Streamers
All the bells and whistles.
The power of android tv box
Works as described.
Best purchase!
Great
Streams great!  Games meh...
Almost broke itself updating - Android OS
It works....
Excellent
Love This Product
Need improvement on basic software
I will be adding an SSD for more storage.
Very powerful,  just needs a few updates.
The best for Android TV, period.
The Cadillac of streaming devices.
Game Console killer
Dead 28 days after I set it up!!
Runs everything you can throw at it.
Buy you will never regret
Excellent streamer
Best android box out there
Power Android TV
works  better than all others
Amazing product. Streams everything
Stopped working on the 31st day
Awaiting Reparirs (was "Dangerous and Stopped Working:)
Terrible...DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!
Wireless HD streaming made easy!
Expected way more for the price.
Be Careful About Choosing this Product
Amazing product
Waste of money.  Perhaps improvements in future models will make it better?
Great for the money - easy to use, no lag.
Shelf life is as low as
Couldn't maintain a connection no matter how close I was
so a device like this was my only option unless I wanted to ...
Works Good in My Media Closet
Design needs work
Worth Every Penny!
Best solution I've found for wireless HDMI
An early HDMI wireless solution
Generally works OK
Would have been good
Extremely disappointed in the quality given I have direct line of site from under 15 feet away.
WORTH IT. Great solution.
Happy now that I figured out the problem was Chromecast!
Excellent When It Connects
The ARIES product solved my problem easily and at a fair price
You have to determine where the signal works best. I had to adjust my original setup because ...
Stops working after half hour or so.
A must have for any freelance DP
This worked great for about 10 months and tonight has started turning ...
Wireless Projections
It just works!
It requires the "air" to be very clean
Instability, poor customer service; nice when it works
Great product
Nyrius HDMI unit. Very happy with my purchase.
Pretty good - I'm impressed with the quality in general
Quick/Easy Setup - Great Picture too!
Works but...
Do not purchase.
Pretty solid product but very pricey
Great idea, poor execution. Cannot recommend it to anyone.
Flawless audio/video beamer
Nyrius ARIES - works great, no hassle plug-n-play
Stopped working after few hours
Does the job very well, as long as you're within the somewhat limited range
Great product - seamless video playback.
Connectors Break.  Nyrius will not replace bad transmitters.
Inconsistent and disappointing
Works as intended.
Useless Customer Support!
Video works great. Lights are annoying.
Great product to help you move over to wireless
When Screen Mirroring Just Won't Do
Generally good product
DEAD after less than a year. Nyrius: "Sorry. Buy a new one"
So I grabbed the little USB charger for my iPad and reverted to that for the receiver and it worked fine from that point on
Accomplishes my needs just fine.
I had to move the Receiver but works Perfectly
the video is very good, screen looks very sharp
Works great in certain installations
Good Range - No LoS Needed; Power Options Limited
Good Value for Office Projector solution (within 10 meter line of sight)
Excellent product, works geat and a great convenience
Placement is Key
EASY!!!
Pretty good, but too many flashing lights
Since the capability of users varied it was important that the unit be easy to set-up and use
It was great until it broke in about 6 months.
Works great! Had it up and running in about 30 ...
Solid product, good but not perfect.
great once you know how to set it up
Wiring issues solved!
This Works!!!
Excellent quality and sharp picture. Easy to install and use.
It works well
Great Receiver, Transmitter was faulty and broke within a week of use.
Device works pretty well
The hdmi adapter piece to allow the transmitted to connect straight in or a right angle was smart and an appreciated accessory
Works Great! Very satisfied!!!
At Last all the music thru my Good speakers> Photos
Typical, watch the vid, see the pix on ...
Great but they don't play well together
Pretty good solution!
Great product. 0 lag
Wireless HDMI really works
Just received and it works Great
Cut out very often, Didn't work with my receiver box
The true road warrior wireless device for large screen presentations.
True Line of Sight Required
So far so good
The directions were not very good until I saw in small print that the installation ...
Not made to last, died after six months
Works perfectly.  Set-up Instructions Below
Finally something that works as described!
Thanks for the Amazon return policy.
As another user said, be careful choosing this product...
Once you get it started properly it works perfectly
Works Great!
Great product.
Good stuff -- works as advertised
USB "Y" cord too short power supplie a headache; but product good.
Buy An HDMI Cable and an Overfloor Cord Protector
Love Nyrius
Great product that actually works better than advertised!!!
Not useable for tradshows
Brings HDMI Technology to Older Home Theater Systems
Cuts out every two minutes
Just what we were looking for!
Amazing Device
Unfortunately, not for gaming.
Good function
Did not work with Xfinity Cable Box
Blurry picture.
Beautiful picture!  The device(s) themself appear very nicely made and work totally automatically.
I tried another spot where the signal had to go through a wall and video quality was poor, unusable actually
Under Heavy Use at Office it Failed after 2 Months - Bad Customer Service Too
Intermittent Usability
Most of the time video works, rarely does audio work
Awesome device
I love how this product is truly plug and play
Worked well for a while
It works!!!
Just does the job
Works as described
Workes Great.
Dslr/Film
Excellent Product.
It might work, but
Worked almost a year and now it doesnt
Works great -- be sure to use THEIR cable that they send with it!!!
Great Performance and Easy to Use
Works well without any hassle
NPCS549 Review
Way too expensive, but solved my problem
Using this for my camera system that is on 10 hours a day.  No issues
pretty good, but power is clunky and it gets a bit hot
Interferes with my wifi
Works with a small drawback
Get Actiontec MyWirelessTV2 instead...
This thing's distance is so so short... ...
Works great - easy to set up and delivers as promised
Really Works But Sometimes Needs to Be Refreshed on Connection
Seamless wireless HDMI connectivity
30' is maximum, 15' is intermittent
Eliminates the wiring
works with my older tv, does not with my newer tv
I presume this would be a very useful feature if you didn't live in an apartment building
Close but no cigar.
Hmm! well it works and will do the job ...
Great product. Setup was easy
Works with very bad quality
Our company has 3 of these....Problems 1 year later?  Frequency issues or overheating?
Great Wireless HDMI solution
Three Stars
Quick set up, plug and play great
CLEARLY the seller did NOT check to make sure if ...
Good for 60 days
GLITCHING problems
Nyrius Aries Digital ireless HDMI
This will work on most setups BUT not all...
It does not work.....
AWESOME WAY TO ADD A TV ANYWHERE...
I use it every day
But if you were in a desperate situation like me for a wireless solution
It works
it was perfect! Now suddenly it wont work
At last...affordable wireless video perfected.
Only worked 11 months.
Hide Your Wires
Great product ? Great price
Great device, if not a great price
Not Recommended
Works and is truly plug and play
Works as advertized, but requires some adjustment
Needs DIRECT line of sight or will not work
Pretty neat product
Great Wireless HDMI Option
Works as advertised
It works perfect, no lag time
works flawlessly
Threw it away and will be looking for better solution.
Good but not perfect.
Great Product & Good Customer Service; Had to use warranty
Nyrius Aries Wireless HDMI Adapter
Works well
Does everything it says, and exactly what I wanted.
works as advertised
Does exactly what it says it does.
Garbage. Signal drops constantly, video quality is poor and pixelated.
Great for Connection of Laptop to Big Screen in Conference Room
Poorly made product
Work best in same
Worked, as advertised.
Best wireless HDMI solution I have come across
Sync issues - save your money if using for cable
A roll of the dice...
No star
Product works great! as advertised
My eyes aren't great but we have a large screen TV
Not worth the price.
Works great for meetings connected into a Wall Projector
Great with some issues
Awesome and easy to use
Hmmmmmm !
I am in LOVE. Wireless HDMI has been brought to a whole ...
Really effective for laptop users in presentations.
Handles 3D Bluray streams for overhead projector no problem
Highly recommended!
Couldn't be more happier. Now I'm able to switch the hdmi dongle ...
Coolness!
I'm not gonna lie. I didn't know this technology ...
They are easy to install and that they don't need any software ...
Works well... some minor issues
Great transmitter/receiver to display laptop screen to HDTV wirelessly
Happy with Video and Audio Quality but Disappointed with Annoying Power-up and Channel-surfing Delays
Works as Advertised
Great device
Does what it says. I'm happy I bought it.
Setup was simple and straightforward; it was basically plug ...
This HDMI wireless link was the perfect solution for a client who insisted that there was ...
Delivers as described.
Works great and needs no drivers!
Product stops working completely after a few months
Wireless HDMI
Excellent for Home theater
Unit really does work for HD!
Great for home use, not so much for digital signage!
Transmitter wont power on and unit is now WORTHLESS!
This is a great cable saver
Great unit with one snag
The range isn't as good as I was hoping
No lag, but there are artifacts...  Ugh...
Great product!
Wireless HDMI
Works great
Clean and simple way to connect HDMI to your tv ...
Bad instructions works great.
Fantastic Product
Works well,
Very Cool
Great product, poor instructions
EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE
Works great in my RV!
Great wireless HDMI device for the price
I've worked with the Nyrius before and absolutely love it! Recently worked on a Lionsgate indie feature ...
Be warned.  Device locks up.
Interesting alternatives of HDMI cables
Great.  Must Have
PICTURE PERFECT!
Great Product.
This product installed easily and presto
Pleasantly Surprised
Nothing else I have tried has worked as good as this
Device worked great on Samsung tv
but does sometimes lose the signal and it does take a good 30-seconds to get it back
OMG It Works
Do Not Attempt This At Home OR If At First You Don't Succeed.....Try Again?
Wireless Marvel
Finally, a good quality HD transmitter/receiver for TV.
Does what was described.
shoots through a wall!
Very good system, especially for the price
Excellent product - very easy to install and operate
Works like a charm
Excellent product! recommended
amazing product for low cost
Great product to extend HDMI over wireless.
It works
11n works just fine.
Works great
Didn't pair as promised
I like it.
Great Picture
30 foot range... I don't think so.  However, your footage may vary.
Works well at short distances.
Nyrius Aries Prime far exceeds it's competitors in price, picture quality, fit and finish!
Highly recommend!
Works as advertised
Wireless HDMI
Works for me!
its no fun
Works well, no latency
There is zero lag and setup is as easy as an HDMI cable
Ours gets way too hot, I'm not sure it is save.
it does not seem to work for 3D Blu Rays and the signal quality for regular DVDs is terrible. It has worked okay for regular Blu
Great service but product didnt work.
Great Product
Amazing! I highly recommend this product
Be patient with set-up and be rewarded!
Easy to utilize!!!
Five Stars
No regrets
Five Stars
Not great..
Awesome Product!
my wife was not happy. And we all know what that means
Big let down
wonderful time.
Didn't work for me (PC)
They all work great, and make life easy for those who don't ...
Plug and Play
Product does not work
Not a reliable product
Nyrius ARIES Wireless HDMI
Some problems with the ARIES Prime HDMI Transmitter
I ordered the Nyrius ARIES system to watch some videos ...
Five Stars
Don't buy for your PS3
Exactly what I needed!
not the best
Excellent device
Three Stars
Works great for HD cable feed
Easy to setup and use. Works great !!
Solved HDMI Cable Run Problems
Works well at short ranges.
this is a great product.
I like it for what it is
Amazing
Gamers Review (works great with steam and is Lag free)
Amazing product
The Nyrius Aries Prime works with a Nikon D800
everything works fine, I have one meeting room with a 70 ...
It kinda looks like when a videostream online drops quality to keep up
Five Stars
Very Easy to set up and worked beautifully on all 4 ...
Picture quality is amazing, I didn't notice any different from having an ...
Great Wireless Option
Does exactly what it says.
Pay more for a better unit
It works on Windows 8 but I needed to change settings in Intel HD Grapic Control Center
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worked perfectly the first day we had it. The ...
Initial impressions are excellent
Works but has issues
Works as advertised
Imagen quality is not so great
Four Stars
Nice - works as advertised
A product that I would highly recommend
Five Stars
Crystal on 1080i, 1080p, and even 3D
Great replacement for long cable runs
Good for gimbal monitoring.
Two Stars
Excellent alternative to HDMI cables
Great product
Ok not great
Great product. It works as advertised
Great quality for price
Not sure if this is going to work yet....
The product is very good
Works great 99% of the time
Works great! no problems
Great plug-and-play device...
Used in office environment with project overhead (10-15 feet).  No problems.
install bumps
Forget Google Chrome...this is what you need.
but it works well so overall I am pleased.
Nyrius ARIES Prime did exactly what I had hoped
All in all; a really cool little device.  I like it.
It WORKS!
Five Stars
I like it!
We use this at work and it is great - no more being tethered to the TV on ...
Very Nice product, i used i my office to connect ...
Excellent production tool.
Three Stars
Works great! Recommend!
The perfect answer to the problem of wires everywhere - works ...
Five Stars
Great for a small apartment with only 1 cable line
Nyrius Aries Prime Wireless HDMI
Definitely worth it!
Does what it's needed for
Wow!
works great, easy set up.
Saved is $$ over running cables.
My corded days are over.
Instructions are a pile of hot garbage. No idea how I change the channel intentionally ...
Works well
does what its supposed to do
great product!
Great for presenting in strange places!
Inexpensive and simple to use; range could be better
It gets alarmingly warm pretty quick, dies fast.
Five Stars
awesome very nice and easy to setup no delay in ...
DO NOT BUY, NOT WORTH THE MONEY!
We love this!
Good product
Perfect
Five Stars
I'm gonna get another one!
Failed to work
best ever!
No software required, and it works great!
Dies not keep promises
Easier than Chromecast
Nice product, nice price
Best of Three Comparison Products
Five Stars
Great wireless solution
Easy Setup
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Transmitter & Receiver System not as stable as I'd like
Gets the job done.
We have used this in our living room on a trial basis and the picture is of excellent quality. We were able to transmit signal t
Great!
May need to buy another one for the office.....
GREAT PRODUCT!
So far so good
So easy to hookup and gave us freedom to redecorate our living room! #weloveit
Streaming content made easy
It actually works!
Three Stars
Great for Streaming Live Video
Perfect wireless solution
Great product. It just works!
Lots of "noise" creates a less-than-ideal picture
does what its suppose to do.
Works fabulously
Five Stars
Don?t do it.
I loved it and I would highly recommend buying it again
Good enough
Five Stars
Great Product . . .with an asterisk
video clips when other wifi devices are present IE your cell phone
I was disappointed with this product.
A few issues but okay so far.
Four Stars
Awesome
Better than I could have hoped !
One Star
Excellent quality picture and sound NO LAG
This thing is good but not great
Life saver
Five Stars
Does what it says it will do
Good Buy!
It's ok
Save your money.
Good product
Only supports a imited number of resolutions
Absolute garbage. The first model I received didn't work
HDMI with no wires
Great system! Works awesome in a conference room setting
I recommend product if your usage is significantly less than three ...
Worked for a short time and then wouldn't reconnect after a week
This did not work. I had professional A/V guys ...
beware for the distances options before buying, it is really as it is written or less
Love it!
One Star
Excellent for conference room presentations
Great BUY
Works well
Easy Trouble Free Install, Up and running in under 10 minutes!
it works great but after about 15 minutes it start changing settings ...
if you want to have a wireless field monitor this ...
Product Failure
Five Stars
Excellent product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
works well
wireless video assist for red dragon cameras.
Frequently dropped signal
nothing like the nyrius aries pro
THE HDMI GETS REALLY HOT QUICKLY. IT LEFT ME WITH A BURN
High Quality
Stopped working after 2 yrs
Trades convenience for Quality
Works well as long as expectations are realistic.
... ft aqay from transmitaer since day one and performe like a pro
Five Stars
Great product
best For Meeting room use
Great product, worth the price!
No More Wires!
Easy setup out of the box
Ideal for presentations
Works well
Great Product
Works Exactly As Advertised
Crisp sound and image and very easy to get going
but it worked for the video and picture quality is great. Used sound bar and hooked it directly to ...
It just, works.
Superb smooth performance
It works as expected.
Receiver signal
Easy to install and use.
Could not work better
Gotchas
Four Stars
Works - mostly
Works great highly recommended.
Works very well
Unfortunately it didn't work for me. It could be ...
I do not notice any lags but the transmitter does ...
Quality is great. I have been using this device for a ...
It's ok, was disappointed around the gaming advertisement side of this product.
A Perfect Solution
Five Stars
Easy
Great Device!
Awesome product in this price range
Nyrius is like an easygoing one
Great product. I modded the receiver and equipped it ...
Best price, though pricey.
Just plain doesn't work as advertised. Not sure if ...
This gadget does the trick
Five Stars
Works great
Not good for corporations
Great way to wirelessly broadcast your computer screen to your TV.
Great Product
Was very skeptical about this product as I've had bad experiences with hard wired hdmi switchers in the past ...
Garbage
Great wireless HDMI unit =)
... are using in our conference room and it works great. Make sure you computer has an hdmi port ...
Easy to install
Great when it works, but couldn't maintain a connection...
Good range, limited inter-operability
Video transmitter
This little device is simply amazing and incredibly easy to use
Works for me !!!
the unit would not link up for me.
Works great for office conference room
Cheap, doesn?t work
Perfect for Conference Room use!
Great, when it works
Five Stars
Ditch x-box streaming w/ this product.
It makes it very easy to change presenters as well and have mobility
Satisfied and happy.
This unit works as advertised and is the only device ...
Five Stars
good product
Don't bother
Nyrius TV signal switch
Good product
No complaints!
Five Stars
Great product, completely plug and play.
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Does the trick.
need help
Nyrius Aries Prime Wireless HDMI Transmitter/Receiver System
Nice!
good across platform product
could moot get full HD resolution
Horrible product, the system constantly loses the wireless connection
Not crossing walls
Installed in less than a minute and worked and continue to work excellent ??
Five Stars
This device is great! It was packaged well and arrived on time
Great product
Great for 60 days - good luck after
Compact & great
Good Product. Adapter gets hot.
communications conflicts
Warning more items required.
Works flawlessly!
The picture quality was good. The transmitter is very thick
Works Great!
Easy wireless HDMI
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Great!
Good product
It Simply Turned on and Began Working
Easy set up
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product, easy setup.
Issues
MY NYRIUS ARIES PRIME NPCS549
Hate It
Wireless simplicity!
garbage
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Trans/Recerver
Great Product.
the 720p video stereaming quality is perfect for me
Works as expected
Pretty Good Unit
Doesn't replace HDMI cord from cable box to TV
setup was very easy. yes
Certainly didn't work for me
Four Stars
Works as Advertised
Great gadget
Amazing Product!
It works but instructions could be a little more intuitive ...
Great HD Wireless Transmitter
My wires are gone!!!
Easy setup.... but I wish it worked for me like I wanted it to
I had to keep the good old cable running
Excellent picture and sound quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't look any further for a hassle free Wirless HDMI system
Works well
No need for wires
Look no further
Great Device
Five Stars
It Works! Wire-Free Cable TV
Disappointed for a $200 price tag
Techs say it is great..
Five Stars
excellent performs as advertised
Outstanding HDMI transmitter / Receiver with instant installation and seamless operation
Five Stars
Not what I was expecting.
excellent quality
Works well with Samsung Tv
A waste of money in my
Four Stars
Great easy to use
Five Stars
Great product!
Excellent Product
It does exactly what I hoped it would!
Great.. easy to use
The device works great. We use the device in our conference room ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love it! - a little key for Mac users
Great !!!  Great !!! Great !!!
Works beautifully
Nyrius ARIES prime digital wireless HDMI transmitter
Lovin' it!
Works great
Would not recommend. Will not buy again.
Excellent Setup for a Wire-free look
Bought this for my father so that he could watch ...
Easiest setup ever
It works
Four Stars
Nyrius ARIES
pretty amazing little thing
I used this the day it came in to stream ...
Buy it
Five Stars
Works Well
I recommend this product
One Star
Great product.
Five Stars
Outstanding devices
Great Affordable Wireless Solution
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
works great
Works great!
Excellent product, it works the first time you connect it.  and no wi-fi required
Five Stars
Perfect Solution!
Works perfectly!
Love it!
Was working for 4 months
Very Happy with this product
Quick, Easy, as good as wired
Two Stars
Five Stars
works great on projector
great wireless option
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend this product
Four Stars
Three Stars
absolutely loving it
Great easy solution for getting a wireless signal from my ...
Product does work very good... I'm pleased
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Two were purchased as gifts after we discovered how useful it was
Great product....would buy this again!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great for home office using design software
Signal is very strong when sender and receiver are close ...
Break free!
Can totally CRASH your system
Great device
HDMI. Transmitter
very good product
Five Stars
works great! Can be tricky to get the trans and ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
i love this gadget
Nice and Easy
defective! wont seller wont back product
works great
Great product!
Does what it says. Good product.
great product.  fast shipping.  worked really well on first hook up. would buy again.
good picture, no interference
Five Stars
So far it works fine.
Do NOT purchase if you have a Wireless Router in your house!
Used for TV along Brick Wall
Good picture quality
Hooking up is great! But there is a definite problem with the ...
Easy Easy Easy
Five Stars
Four Stars
The picture quality is as good as it was while connected direct to the cable ...
Price is nice, but would spend more next time for a better product.
I now own 2
Would like if it was able to broadcast to two receivers
Excellent devices I currently using 3 of them between conference ...
enjoy it.
Satisfied.
Excellent picture and audio
their suggestion was useless and, to be honest
Excellent Product for the Money
works pretty good but range is limited.
This product is a clear winner!
Works well
Disappointed with video quality
Excellent product
Great Product
Range is good and no delay or skipping
Works great. Easy install.
Very surprised at how well it works
Wireless HDMI
Great product.
Reliably Unreliable
Great quality
Five Stars
Great Entertainment
Five Stars
Could be better
Great product!
Nice product! Recommended!
This is a good product. The only proplem is I have wanted ...
One Star
Must have product
One Star
The best Wireless HDMI you can buy for conference rooms and classrooms
Does not work with "adaptors"... or so I was told after I bought this.
Does not work through single panel wall
The quality of the HDMI transmitted is superior. This saved me a lot from having to ...
the only thing I don't like is the transmitter
Couldn't get the receiver to pair with the transmitter
Five Stars
Versatile Device
works, but...
Probably the best thing since sliced bread!!
Five Stars
Had this for 3 weeks
Best Wireless HDMI Product
Worked great for a little while but then the transmitter went ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great wireless option just don't expect long range.
GOOD DEVICE
Works seamlessly.
It is a great product! Very easy to install
Four Stars
... a meeting in under 5 minutes and it worked beautifully. Simple instructions
Simple to setup and would recommend to others
Five Stars
Professional enviornment !!!
this rocks
Five Stars
Functioned well, construction issue
Handy product.
One Star
We are using it in a conference room to connect teachers computer to a smart tv.
love the product
Very Pleased
clever product fewer wires looks much nicer a little tricky ...
Works great!!  No problems.
Didn't work as expected. It does what it says ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works better than I expected!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome product. It just works.
Worked as expected. Very simple. Plug-n-play.
Setup is pretty easy and straight forward
Great!!!
Great product, I recommend it.
Five Stars
Works Perfectly
Four Stars
Five Stars
Disapointed...
Great if your computer is directly in front.
Simplicity Plus High Performance
YES!!  Finally a system that works.
Very good
Worked right out of the box
Works great and soooo easy to hook up!
Five Stars
easy to setup
worked as expected
Exactly what we needed in our conference room
No Wi-Fi Required
30 feet through 1 wall
Very Pleased
It works but...
Excellent product!
A great product with very little lag time.
Too easy
Only thing that kind of sucks is it needs power from two USB ports
Five Stars
Purchased one to extend tv to out on deck. ...
Great little device
Five Stars
Great product after receiving replacement!
Three Stars
Works
Three Stars
Quality Item
It was very easy to set up
One Star
great and budget hdmi transmitter
Less than what it should be
HDMI Transmitter for Church Production
Great product! Worked perfectly for our studio to stream ...
Amazing, work as advertised
Four Stars
Works great but...
Easy to use, works great!
The product works great. The screen just blinks a few times while ...
Distance on NPCS549
Five Stars
Worked great.
OUTSTANDING.
One Star
It works great for showing patients pictures and x-rays on a big ...
Five Stars
Works Great!
Just like Apple TV for PC !
Once I sorted out the receiver and transmitter (user error) ...
GReat Product
works great. no problem getting everything connected
Fantastic!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very cool
Great Product !
Works well with any mdedia I have tired to date
Five Stars
So far so good.
easy to setup
Five Stars
Four Stars
Buy it. 2 minute setup!
Easy to use!
Five Stars
Five Stars
stay away if you are after image quality
NPCS549
Converts Computer into TV
Good
Three Stars
Works great. Easy to install
Great!
Easy to use! Worth the money!
Doesn't work, do not recommend.
Excellent Product
Had to return it.
Reasonably Priced HDMI wirelss
Easy way to view my laptop screen!
Today I tried Nyrius and it's working well..
Five Stars
Awesome!
Get this unit!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great HDMI Cable Alternative For Hard To Reach Places
Five Stars
The audio and video work great. No complaints there
Five Stars
But the box overheats like crazy and sometimes the picture gets gets fuzzy
GOOD ;)
It works well
Good product
I was very pleased with the unit
It is just great. The quality is just superb
WORKED MUCH BETTER THAN EXPECTED
Great Product
Vaue for the money
Five Stars
Works Perfect
Quite annoying. Device returned to Amazon
Works great
Wireless integration for presentations
Five Stars
Excellent transmitter, gets the job done
Doesn't need direct line of sight, but you should try to anyway!
doesn't work with the combination of windows 8 Samsung laptop, Sony Bravia TV
Reliable and Stable
Five Stars
Good for dramas
Very handy for geeky family!
Good but only close
Picture is good, but VERY inconvenient
Arrived Dead
Five Stars
Good product
Not Good
One Star
Five Stars
nyrius aries wireless system
easy to use
Five Stars
Great For a Conference Room
nice product
good product for a decent price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love It!
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Transmitter & Receiver System for HD 1080p
not ready for prime time.
Tested it on a short range about 1meter, look good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Purchased on Amazon, product was  NPCS549 from Shoptronics
Makes it easy to plugin and go
Five Stars
Not a good experience.
Five Stars
Worked right out of the box and streamed with good quality from my cable box to my tv
Awesome Product
Four Stars
Excellent!!!
easy setup,
Works Great!
Five Stars
Works great.
Impressed
Five Stars
Easy setup
Not skeptical any longer.
Five Stars
Works perfectly
Plug and play!
Works well.
Excellent!
Four Stars
Piece of Crap
Works great
Great product... For those who don't have macs and apple tv boxes
Easy to use. Works great!
stopped working all of a sudden
Amazing
Very good quality
It is great. Very easy and exactly what we were looking ...
works great
Works well
Transmitted Failed, Won't Sell Just the Broken Part
Four Stars
aries
Best investment I have made this year
works as described but becomes HOT
Worked like a charm
Avoid
Simple solution with great results.
Nice
Nice Alternative to Cables
Five Stars
Product meets expectations and then some.
Unit works great...as advertised.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Almost too easy to use!
Overall a solid product
Haven't had any issues
Great product
Works amazing
works as described
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best solution there is
Five Stars
Excellent picture and great product
So far so good
Forget the cords!
GREAT PRODUCT
Five Stars
Best in its market
Four Stars
great product
Reliable and real plug & play
Five Stars
Broadcast your signal
Bought this for my son.
Great product. Directions could have been more helpful
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good
Great service.
It's not a great design works all right
Five Stars
Artifacts, missing audio and disconnections.
Beware using this with a projector
Good buy
Five Stars
set up was easy
The unit is reliable and easy to use
Good solution to eliminate wires without eliminating performance.
Great working product!
Works great but does not provide true 1080 via the wireless
Five Stars
Great item, it works just as described and we ...
Got the wires off our floor
Totally does not work with most monitors.
Five Stars
NPCS549 Unit
NPCS549 Review
Very user friendly product (no training require) & enable self ...
Not good for my use.
Worked like a charm
Installed in under 2 minutes
Very Nice Alternative to wired
Amazing Product!
Plug n Play
I LIKE IT SINCERELY
It just worked
Nyrius ARIES Amazing Device
RE:  terrible product
Wires be gone!
great product!
Need Wireless? These are them!
Works as advertised on Win7 + Win8 to projector
Much better than expected
unreliable product
Great Wireless HDMI Connection
the range is not that great but its good enough for any small project or ...
Good product, arrived damaged
Works Like Advertised
this device works ok if you have a line to ...
Terrible Video Quality
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Transmitter
Nice product
I really wanted to love it! Alternative option in review
Exclent choise
Great Product.
Great product
Finally Again!!
Never synced..returned
overheated my video card, it is ruined now.
Failed after 18 months - no warning
Easy to use
Works as promised and then some
One Star
So Far So Good
Works well
Great Product
Nice not having to run a cable
This product simply doesn't work. I even had a ...
Don't buy
conference room presentations
Amazing
Works great
Made me sad!
Three Stars
Gets warm but works great!
One Star
worked great the first time
Great Item BUT
Director of Operations
Mood killer.
It works.
Works great!
NPCS549 review
Excellent
does not work as described.
Works as expected.
Et voila!
Amazing product
Works consistently
Great product
Plugged it in and turned it on!!
Easy to install and works fine
Great product!
Totally worthless
BEWARE
Nice
The advertising does not indicate that the USB receiver needs ...
this thing works
Couldn't be better
Awesome Product
Can't send audio through 1 wall
better than nothing
so far it doesn't work like I was expecting
Alters Quality
Going insane
Cool gadget!
Piece of junk
It just works...
very fast delivery service
Highly recommend.
Works great (outstanding)
We are having some reception issues with the system we ...
Doesn't work
Nyrius Aries Digital Wireless HDMI Trans & Receiver
It worked perfectly. Plug and play. I avoid ...
Five Stars
Does exactly what it says
Good device
Five Stars
It works great. No complaints.
Good Product
Worked great
Awesome Device
Just what I wanted
It works better than expected.
Awesome product! I would recommend this for both home ...
Five Stars
One Star
This is not a good product for whom is looking for a Cable TV ...
Happy customer
Four Stars
Worked line of sight about 3 feet away
Hey maybe next time you design a "wireless" product you ...
Works best for laptop to TV
Save your walls
Good. Works quite well
I've bought three of these for my company in different conference rooms and they all work fine.
Useless
Great unit
Works great
Not able to inslall it
Four Stars
Great product
One Star
GREAT ITEM!!!
would be better if it didn't need a separate power source
Decent for audio - artifacting ruins video/games
It just works!
Nyrius
It works great!
Does NOT work w/ IPad
Faulty product. Doesn't last more than 6 months.
Two Stars
No more wired frustration!!!
No good.
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Big waste!
Four Stars
It Works
Nyrius ARIES Wireless Video
Ehhhhh....wasn't a fan
That worked fine.
Good unit
Stick to old fashion wires.....
One Star
A wireless transmitter reached its description
Pretty pathetic life of just over two years
Five Stars
Don't believe description, check compatability first
It is quite annoying. I do not recommend it
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
does not work!
DELIVERED JUST AS PROMISED
Do not buy
One Star
Haven't been able to get it to work at all, yet
Didn't work
Broke after a week
Spam
If awful had a dictionary picture...
JUNK
This thing broke so fast.
I apparently missed the return window so now I'm stuck with a useless product.
Do not buy does not work
Did not work
Too weak
So Far, SO GREAT
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Transmitter
An absolute piece (of crap)
One Star
Better than other PC-to-TV devices
Is not as good as you'd think it to be, but it does work
Terrible Customer Service
Perfect for church hall projector
I am glad to have found such a reliable wireless option ...
Terrific. Simple, Quick Set up
for me it works great!
Great system, except for durability of transmitter power connector.
Worked great for 3 years....
THE SOLUTION for my ceiling-mounted projector
Hard pass.
Worked great for the first 18 months.  Then it stopped working and out of warranty.
Worked like a charm
Drops audio/video signal every 10-15 minutes
great
It gets the job done but with minor hiccups
Would be perfect if it supported Mirrorcast too
Great, assuming you don't plug it in backwards or use a cheap USB power adapter on the Source side!
A Video Review of the Nyrius Prime Digital Wireless System
Phenomenal Device
It is giving a lot of a hard time? to ...
Works great! Works with display port to HDMI adapter.
Works great but doesn't last long
Great Product that does it's Job!
Great device
Not worth the money.
I have had this product for 2 years, I ...
Seems great but !!
Doesn't work with all Devices
They say its a Hot Product. (Oh, you have no idea)
LOVE IT! Amazing HD quality! Plug and play!
Solved our problem!
Unit does not have the advertised range. In fact ...
Applies the KISS method to wireless HDMI
Great product
Hdmi transmitter
Excellent Solution to a Long Time Problem
We use it to wireless connect laptops to a tv ...
it works great up to about 20' after that the signal degrade ...
Setup is easy. There is a delay when boosting up but ...
It is great for a dual screen setup
works flawlessly.
Works as promised. Allows me to have meetings in ...
5/5 Performs as advertised
Good product for presentations
Great Quality, Easy to Use
Amazing Product
Great HDMI Device
Excellent Product-Works as advertised
Would love it if one transmitter would work with more than ...
Works Great
So far so good...
Amazing product, works brilliant!
Works great... Finally.
Five Stars
Just what we needed to make our tv work.
Great product
Great product for streaming audio and video
Works well but has some flaws
Works GREAT and EASY to set up!
Great...when it works.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works very well in line of site but WILL NOT ...
Five Stars
Terrific product!
Would recommend!
5star++++
Great Picture and easy to use
Four Stars
Works just as described
Excellent
Easy to use
Nyrius ARIES Prime Digital Wireless HDMI Transmitter & Receiver System for HD 1080p 3D Video Streaming, Laptops, PC, Cablebox, S
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it
Wireless HDMI...No more cables!
Great Product
Great value
Four Stars
Five Stars
Nyrius Review
Excellent high quality product which functions well and does well what it says it is going to do!
this device is awesome. If
Where you use this
Okay for some application where you want wireless.
Great product, excellent presentation solution.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!!
It is my needs
Three Stars
Three Stars
Works like a charm!
Very Easy Install
Worth the money
It's my first Android tv box, and it works great.
Works great with KODI
Great little tv box for my room
You need to tweak to get the juice out!
Very cool TV box
Small price big box
... page lacking decent customisation it seems to be a good little box for a budget I had to do ...
Fantastic little Media streamer!
Can't Replace Nexus Player in Functionality
The best Android TV box
Great box for streaming at low cost.
excellent for Kodi
I added "Smart" to my TVs!
Very Good Device.
Buffering issues all the time
Not what I expected but it worked
Not ready for US market.
memory and ram is nice once you have a nice amount of internet connection
No bluetooth
TX3 Mini Android Box
No lag, pre-installed apps, works exactly as it should :)
Better smart boxes out there for the price
Meh - did not decode the .avi files I was hoping for...
Very happy!
Great box at a Cheap Price
Great box for the price
Doesn't Work with Netflix Properly
Not for Kodi newbs.
Waste of money and time.
It doesn?t work!  Again!!
very fast
Edit: Seller contactedcme and remedied the issue
I've been had.
Video keeps cutting out
Random Ad, glitches and freezing
Customer servie/old t.v
Runs smooth and fast
Just as everyone else said! P.O.W.E.R.F.U.L.
second device works well
This TV Box rocks!
No more monthly bill cable
Freezes constantly. Very buggy and laggy. Powered off and now it won't come back on.
I am impressed
good to play anything from Google play store
Returned it!
Does much for a small box
Works great!
Happy with my purchase
It's a good android box for the price.
not to get need major help
A very good Android TV box option
Great Android box for media player
Very reasonable price for high quality item.
Box is easy to set-up and does the work. however the remote is horrible
I was able to add all my favorite apps quickly and easily and started using it immediately
Awesome
Made my daughter happy
unless you like headaches and work on making things you paid for ...
Not all its hyped to be
Well-designed human-computer interaction
Android TV Box great
Came in DOA returned  Bad Quilty Control
I am excited to get the replacement as i love this little unit
Perfect streaming
Box sucks save your money
Easy setup with 4k support
I was very happy with this until I started having issues
UPDATE:Item was replaced by seller free of charge / Not a good item to purchase
It?s great functionality
A disappointing choice.
Mini TV box
Amazing TV box I used the TV box about two ...
Very small and compact, easily fits anywhere, does the job with style and efficiency
Android TV Box,Android 7.1 TV Box TX3
Better than my fire stick!
recommend
Root baby
Decent Product, excellent customer service
Essential!
Dead on arrival!
Good Stream box.
the remote is not as "detailed " as I would have liked but overall not bad but not exactly what I ...
One Star
Great Support and Device!
quality  needs improvements
Garbage
Great box.  However, it is rooted. DirectTV/Now won't run on a rooted box.
It's very good with value
One Star
We bought this tv box as a replacement for various ...
It works great
Works great.
Can?t install repositories!
Great Little unit.
Great box
Sin comentarios.
Hold on until after Christmas! Sorry...
Maybe it work for someone else
Fast running
Great
item works
Works!
This box does not work with app Ondemandkorea
Great product
Works great
Poder ver pel?culas y series
Perfect
wow
Easy to use, simple to setup
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Mi nueva cajita android
Okey
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth The Price
love it.
Goes everywhere with me.
Excelente
Enough for home entertainment
Product works great for a little over a month and then suddenly ...
Bien
Two Stars
No se conecta a WiFi
Good
Good buy
Free TV & Movies
Good!
So far so good ??
I highly doubt the positive comments !
Todo es exelente
Worth the money.
Garbage
One Star
Received package on time
Five Stars
Very very impressed
wonderful product!
Tv box
Two Stars
Hacks
Powerful little box
Es un buen producto
Nice streaming box and a great price
Memory not what they say
Nice Product
New movies and shows play well
I bought this TX box to view my recorded 4k ...
Netflix doesn't work
Four Stars
Mehh
Should be better
... keeps my 1+ year old child occupied with the fun learning videos on YouTube while I do me chores
Five Stars
No buffering, pic is crystal clear. I had ...
Initially it was a great box. It worked flawless processesing well
Three Stars
Excelente
Great buy
Box is really slow and Apps don't work all that well.
Very good product
Tx3 Box
Likes the box
Great product!
Reputation of the vendor and quality of the product.
works great
Dependability
Does not work
Terry L .
St
Five Stars
NOT SKYPE VIDEO COMPATIBLE
Not as fast as expected
To have this item replace or get Refunded
being able to get netflix
Five Stars
Buena compra
Basic android unit with cheap hardware.
Some May Have easier
Five Stars
The delivery was super fast, I'm so happy
Excellent
Excellent
prefect
AVOID!!!
Operation system higher than most
Five Stars
Easy to use, easy to install!
Like it!
You can take it from one tv to the other
Love it
This work good about 3 days
Great product
Not all that.
4 k video
Four Stars
Deserves 0 Stars
It's not just an Android TV Box. It's an adventure!
Do not buy!!
Multiple issues with this Android box!
Great android box.
Nice box but MAJOR BUT
Best value for your money
No bluetooth
TV
Extremely easy to install
The box malfunction within the first couple of hours.
Free movie device
Great Android TV box
Not Bad For Price
Best Solution for Low Cost Media Streaming Device
this little box has everything you need
cheap and a good alternative
Great TV box
Almost like my smart TV
Very easy to set up and use!
Excellent cost value
good tv box
Powerful Android TV Box
Works Fast
Makes my dumb TV smart
You will love this if you like to watch tv channels & movies
The Best Android TV Box
Exceeds my expectations
Sleek design
Android TV Box rules the game. This product make it happen.
For any TV
Super fast and excellent image quality
Annoyed
Excellent TV box
Great TV box
Five Stars
Easy to set up
Works well
Great product!
Great TV Media Box
Great Streaming Replacement for Firestick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good to go
Good
Very happy
Recommended.
2GB Ram!  Smooth processor! No lag!
really liked this gift
Good
Nice Little Android Box
I COULD NOT
Quality picture
Great android tv box - easy to use
Fast Shipping Thank you
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
Well worth the investment
Good quality
Better than 2nd Gen!  ***HERE'S HOW TO HELP WITH PRIVACY CONCERNS***
Love the Dot and its new look, but the sound is still disappointing
I'm in love with this little guy!  Unending entertainment and usefulness.
Slightly louder but not as good as Google Home mini
Overall improvement, but lost its flexibility
Actually impressed.
Works fine -- note equalizer controls
Don't rely on it for anything important
Distorted trebles (highs)!!!
Looks and sounds great!
Excellent!
Multi-Room Setup Doesn?t Work
2nd VS. 3rd Generation Echo Dot
Bad design, IMHO
Not very intelligent and extremely frustrating.
Finally a woman that can be controlled! (Alexa)
Throw any privacy ou the window if you use this device.
The voice response has improved significantly!
Steals Contact Information
Too Complicated for me.
Multi Room Music functionality is completely unreliable.
Louder, but lazy:-/
Much better audio quality!
Juice isn?t worth the squeeze
I wanted to love it, yet the 2nd-gen was better
Perfection!
A HUGE improvement in sound quality from previous gen
Stereo pairing isn't the greatest
Unable to access alexa app
A defect product
Muffled
I Love My Echos BUT I HATE the Problems!!!
Alexa
Fun, intuitive, and the look is sexy as hell!
Great improvements
IMPROVED sound quality/loudness  vs previous generations but still sounds muffled
No es Bueno Para Usuarios de Sur America
Best for home automation and IFTTT, bad for everything else
Worse than the first generations
Not worth it at all!
Unhappy with how the order was processed
Speaker blew in one day
Returned 3rd gen for a 2nd gen because they work/sound better
Terrible and incompetent
Great smart speaker for the price
Garbage!
I don't like how some of it sounds. i.e., Alexa's voice
Issues with sound quality and atrocious Customer service
Really? A proprietary AC wall plug?
Great speaker for Music
It?s not crazy loud, but is perfect for the price.
Do not buy! Very glitchy
Much better sound then the 2nd Gen Dot
Very Impressed, very please with sound and size.
NOT WORTH PURCHASING, BUY THE 2ND GEN INSTEAD
Mushy Sound
Sound :(
A whole lot of "no"
New Generation Has Great Sound
Went from 7 mic array to 4
TREMENDOUS value! Absolutely LOVE my Dot!
UNREAIBLE
Bass-Heavy Audio Frequency Characteristics and Limited Adjustability for Voice / Audiobooks
Not as good as I anticipated
Multi-echo household.. not impressed with this model.
Nice upgrade
One step forward and 3 steps back ... What were they thinking???
Private conversations made public
Love it!
All-new Echo Dot
Perfect
Echo Dot for Amazon Music
Doesn?t understand me 90% of the time
Junk
Nueva amiga!
Que entiende idiomas
Very Disappointed In The Sound Quality. Muddy, Flat and Muffled
I would?ve given it zero stars (UPDATED)
Cool. Irritating. Not sure I'm keeping it. (updated 1/21/19)
Junk DO NOT BUY, can't handle home automation. Weakest link is the system!
Is being too smart a good thing?
Waste of money and time
Huge improvements over the 2nd gen.
THE APP YOU NEED IS NOT READILY AVAILABLE.
Bad distortion after playing for few minutes
My first foray into 'home assistants'...
Echo Dot 2 vs. 3 Review
My first Echo.... 2 thumbs up
Hopefully the Dot 3 is just having growing pains
Badly over-emphasized base
Very disappointing compared to previous models
Don't waste your money.
Assistant that cannot place real phone calls
I enjoy this little dot, it makes me laugh.
Does not work as advertised.
Needs an EQ, Seriously
Horrible! constantly disconnects! pending update
new echo added to the family
Great start to my Smart Home Integration
It's hard to imagine better...
I have many different Echo's and the Dot Sucks!!
Not a fan
VERY POOR sound quality
Great Sound from a Tiny Speaker With the same options of the first gen.
This thing is whack - 2nd generation wasn't crazy
Great addition for small home office or bedroom etc
Speaker Problems and Non-Responsive - Gen 3
Sound is not as clear as the 2nd Gen Dot
No para Republica Dominicana (por ahora)
Sound clearly better than 2nd generation
Not what I expected
Very Impressive and great quality
Best bundle ever!
Seriously impressive for the size
Like talking to an automated phone system.
Great dot
Not nearly as good as previous generation. No need to updgrade!
Stopped working 20 days after 1st use
Won't connect to wi-fi
Echo Dot is great ... just not this version, get the older one
Echo Dot is just the coolest product!
Dumb as Dirt
Bigger but not necessarily better
Far Superior Echo Dot
Google Home is so much smarter.
Echo Dot 3 is Amazing!
Stereo pairing feature incomplete, otherwise a good device
Nicer to look at
A great upgrade or additional device!
Echo dots in combination with fire TV stick
Really awesome sound quality, creeps the crap outta the cats and the husband though
Love the Echo dot, but there is on caveat...
Poor documentation
Just a novelty
Echo...turn on the review of 3rd generation dot
Love this little device!
Very good improvements
3rd Generation...a step up....
The Echo dot is OK for the price, but the Echo is 100X better.
It can't call 911, which makes it worthless.
A very nice upgrade but would have liked to see more than the 3.5 out for older sound systems
Sound issues
False Promotion Advertising
My favorite purchase this year
Alexa, THE Amazon salesclerk at your side
I wanted to order pizza.  Alexa read me the news instead.
Dots Just Keep on Getting Better
Cheerio, Alexa!
Ironically, everything except Alexa sounds good.
Bought one....then 7 more...
On again off again
Read before upgrading
Power Connector is different from Generation 2
There is one potential issue
Garabage software
I can't believe I waited so long to have one of these
Blows the Older Dot Out of the Water
Inconsistent at best
Easy Setup and Great Sound!
This 3rd gen Echo Dot is better for music
Over-hyped, under-powered
Dot vs. Mini
works great so far
Better than previous version
Almost perfect
Alexa's Voice is barely understandble!
It?s a Little Better Than Ok.
Welcome to the future
Echo is a combination of the unit, the app, and Alexa - so just regarding the unit:
like
Stuff you won't read elsewhere
Playing Music
Pretty cool
Sound quality is ok, but there are major improvements
Good improvements over Gen 2! Got rid of the verbal replies!!!
The Devil is in the Details, some stuff you might want to know.
Auto dimming feature for light ring?
So far, having fun, sound a touch muffled, Android app is battery drainer
It's Great
2 Years Later Using Both: Echo is Much Better than Google Home Mini!
READ | My first Alexa product
impossible to understand intercom messages and other problems
Better than I even expected !
The Echo has taught me to hate the name Alexa. Comparison of the Dot and Echo
A compromise from 2nd Gen Echo, but better speaker
Exceeds expectations
Not a huge improvement, but not bad
An absolutely excellent smart speaker with so many great functions.
It's a nice start, may work well someday.
Dead mode - Sorry I am having trouble understanding right now. Please try a little later.
Fantastic technology - but one HUGE flaw that makes it worthless
terrible attention from Mexico if you bought at amazon.com USA
Happy so far!
Works fine for most things, but not for what I actually bought it for.
Much improved speaker over 2nd gen
Difficult setup,  needless other app required for any use
Perfect for voice controlling your TV or firestick.
Sorry Alexa
WOW - I don't give out 5 stars often ...
Cheaper than the competitors and works better too!
Hahaha, where to start...:-)
Love Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
I don't know why I've resisted, I can't believe I'm writing this review :-)
I Love Siri But This Is So Much Better
Love this voice command speaker.
Paired with good speakers, this is stellar for music.
Can't Connect 3rd Generation Dot to my music group
Great Sound, Learns your voice, Fun to Have
Great Improvements to the Echo Dot
echo dot gen 3 way better than gen 1 or 2
There?s a reason why they lowered the price - Alexa is being smothered
It's basically a sexier looking gen 2 with marginally better sound
Quality look and feel, but spoken word audio quality is not as good as gen 2 units
Magic in a little Dot! Great for the family!
Very disappointed
Crazy
Really great, but still has some problems
Doesn't support local music/audiobooks and can't communicate with Fire TV.
Excellent buy. Can't stop at just one!
The 3rd Gen Dot buzzes when "silent"
Nahh
Sounds significantly better than 2nd generation
Best $24 I've ever spent
Occasionally Disturbing Moments
Good Devicel, but STOP FORCING STUFF ON US
Good Product with Some Flaws, But Maybe a Bright Future!
I only regret not buying more!
Yes, yes, yes!
Don?t understand why I didn?t buy one a long time ago.
"Alexa set the bass to 5; Alexa, reduce the bass by 2.".
3rd gen is best Echo Dot so far
Have issues?  Just send it back!
Awesome Product gets even AWESOMER <---- New word but it fits!
I'd say 2x better than Echo Gen2, and 5x better than Show at understanding us
Good device, not life changing
Love this gadget!
So far so good!
It's louder, but ... slower?
Awesome Sound, Alexa Responsiveness - Not So Much
It failed & the taller Echo (older) is a pain
Life changing. I'm thrilled
Verification Failure!
Lack of support w/ Echo team. & Pore English
Why did I wait so long to try this awesome little dot???
EXCELENTE
Didn't take long to break...
As of FEB 3 2019 the voice commands for navigating FireTV are not ready for prime time
Side by side I decided to keep the Amazon Echo Plus over the Echo Dot
The echo fails to impress
I like it!
I loved it so much, I bought another one.
You should have one in every room
Much improved quality over 2nd gen
Improved version of the already brilliant 2nd gen. Echo Dot, excluding the mic.
How did I live without this just three months ago?
Alexa....
AMAZING, GREAT SOUND, LOUD, 3rd Gen Dot, I LOVE EM!!!
Follow Up Mode Does NOT Work When Connected To Bluetooth Speakers
Learn before you buy
Disappointing
As of January 2019, Echo devices are not what the potential leads you to expect
Echo makes life easier and gives a peace of mind.
I thought this was a Waste of money until I got a call
My Echo Dot is so amazing!!!!
Sounds great
Connection issues.
it's ok, but...........
I'm sorry. I'm having trouble understanding right now.
Just tired of repeating myself
Speaker blew in two weeks
Great device!
Good stand-alone BT speakers! HUGE SOUND IMPROVEMENTS OVER 2ND GEN.  But Alexa's not for everyone.
Useful device but sound clarity is terrible.
Features are nice, sound is bad
Good speaker, does what it's supposed to do.
Skeptical at first, but well worth the risk
Do not download the AP fro the App store.
Much improved sound over the 2nd gen Dot
ECHO DOT 3 IS AMAZING!!!
ALL OF US WERE DISAPPOINTED IN ALEXA'S NEW VOICE BUT AMAZON CAME THRU
Useless and NOT Smart
Stopped working after 2 weeks - would not connect to internet any more
Awesome little device!!
LOVE IT!
Amazing!!!! Quite impressive. It is worth the money!!!
some units DEFECTIVE with static noise
Big Improvement in sound quality over older Dot gen 2
Small Dot, Big Sound
Love the echos
less than expected
i did. pre order first my 3 rd. generation echo.dot
A review of the device not Alexa. Microphone sucks... that aside
Easy to Set up, Easy to use - But not always understanding what's being asked.
Much better than the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Has not improved too much
Greatest $30 you?ll ever spend
Amazon Echo Dot Gen 3 - Setup Unacceptable with Samsun phone
Better than 2nd gen, still not perfect
Not Impressed. Very Horse and Buggie.
The sound is OK, but nothing like the much better Alexa 2nd generation.
Much Better Sound Than 2nd Gen
Good improvements to Gen1 and Gen2
Not Ready For Prime Time
It sound ALOT better compare to gen 2
I know Echo Dot does all kinds of things, but I mostly use it for rain sounds
Not So Smart
Brought my old Tabletop radio back to life!
Great AI device. 3.5 jack turns off alexa speaker
I love my Echo.
Fun times
Even better than the 2nd Gen Echo Dot
3rd gen = best yet
BEYOND DISAPPOINTED
Disappointed and worried about the security issues
It?s OK I guess, but nothing to write home about!
great sound but Very hard to enable all the skills except for the very basics.
Exactly what I wanted!
Great functionality, App and Permissions need refinement
Not Ready for Prime Time
A+ upgrade Short on Function
Amazon, you can do better
Great gift! A great comfort! Easy 2 set up
Love it, but will probably lead to world domination.
Just What We Needed
Munch better than older model
Sound quality not as good and not as quick to respond as Echo Dot 2
Huge improvement in construction and audio
If Bass Matters, Worth the Extra Cost Over a 2g
Big Improvement
Audio sounds like it's covered by a blanket
Finally, Someone That Actually Listens To Me LOL
THE ABSOLUTE WORST TECHNICAL SUPPORT EVER
Fun little gadget
I wish I purchased a Google Home Instead!!!
Love my Echo Dots
We love our Dots! This was our second; and our favorite!
A nice Improvement over the second generation Dot.
Great quality and great sound for this third generation Echo.
No Top end. An attempt to create something wonderful.
Missed the mark on the sound
Very helpful and easy to use
Ordered 4, 3 worked, one didn't....
Great product but Alexa has a lot to learn!
Way better speaker that the original Dot!!
Alexa is my new Bff
What a complete waste of my time
Sound Is Terrible - 2nd Gen Was Better
Terrible sound with 3rd Gen Echo Dot
The helper you didn't know you needed
Looks and sounds better, but hardly ever works
THREE FAMILY ALEXAS HAVE QUIT WORKING AFTER ABOUT ONE YEAR.
Great upgrade to 2nd gen!
Sound quality is tons better using secret graphic equalizer.  Alexa team reads bad reviews.
Don?t Do It
Looks great, and can't go wrong!!!
Fantastic product, I want more.
Echo Dot Delivers!!!
Perfect puzzle piece to expand smart home control
Works very well with voice commands. I?m impressed with its level of comprehension.
Strongly recommended
My First Smart Speaker
Alone, it's more gimmick than tool
Attractive with great voice
Awkward, frustrating, time waster
Not impressed.
Kinda cool device.
Much Better than the 1st and 2nd Gen Dot
Worthwhile Upgrade or Addition
I?m buying a second
My little Helper
I bought the 3rd Gen for better sound and Stereo Pairing
Great for anywhere in the house!
Speaker went out in 3 months
Echo Dot Poor Quality Sound and Performance (UPDATE)
Good, with some annoying features
Echo dot not happening.
Made for a Great Christmas
Wonderful improvement but only lasted 2 months Updated
Fun & Interesting Gadget
Yaasssss get it, totally worth the upgrade
An improvement on the last one
On its own, there isn't much Value-Add
Gets better and better
Much more useful than I thought
Fascinating newfangled technology
This is a product that belongs in every home
Love love love
What's new Echo??
My parents love it
Not worth it
Alexa-Good Morning!
This has the worst setup instruction
Product was returned along with ALEXIS in the same box AMAZON shipped it to me in.
Fantstic Piece of Equipment
Wonderful product, and I'm still learning how to use it
Love the New Look and overall build quality. Not sure about the Speaker upgrade.
Negative Star Rating!
It?s great!
Great speakers compared to 1st and 2nd gen
Speaker is now good, great upgrade from 2nd Gen.
Needs some work, but still a better assistant than me.
Required for stereo sound, too loud?
Good product but sound is muffled
Little Dots Made Alexa Available House-Wide
Gen 3 is a real Gem
Alexa is my new best friend
Greatly improved Dot, horrible power adapter!
Better Speaker, Worse Microphone Than 2nd Gen.
Ultimately not much of an improvement
Amazing for the price!
Huge Improvement Over Previous Dots
It's a better DOT...
Very aggravating
Easy to set up and a breeze to use
Have difficulties with wifi and making calls
First Time Owning of an Alex Voice Activated Device
Improved sound over v2
Great for my parents and family! We bought 2 for the home.
An essential device
Not as good as old DOT...
Good, but need some improvements
Great Voice Recognition & Highly Impressed By Its Sound
pairing two as stereo only works for requests made over device over like music unlimited.
Great Device
Limited But Useful
If you've been thinking about getting one of these, go for it!
Like it
The 3rd Gen Alexa Echo is awesome
She's Nosy!
Microphone is horrible on the 3rd Gen vs 2nd Gen
Great product
Not as good as Gen 2 overall due to random connectivity loss
I?m in love! Buy it today-you won?t regret!
Potentially good, but surprisingly lacking
Loses its luster after a few days
Better Sound - Bad Listener
Vast improvement!
So close to perfect
My first Dot. I went and got a second one too!
Functional and Fun!
The sound just crackled at minimal volume!!!
Works great!
It's good, Google Home is better.
Not Impressed
Improved, sound quality different
GREAT LITTLE DEVICE
It's ok
Better than I expected
Alexa Makes Life easier !
Amazon 3rd Generation - Not As Touted in Release
Can?t receive calls. SUCKS. Besides this, it?s good.
Much better sound than Gen 2!
If you like what Alexa can do for you, these are GREAT!
Apple Music is BUGGY! Two Versions of Hardware?
fun
Very handy, surprisingly good sound quality
The Echo Dot 3rd Generation is a grand slam!
She's got me twisted around her finger!
Works OK, but not exactly what I wanted
Not worth the extra cost vs the older echo dots
Amazon managed to improve on the original tenfold.
Feel like I'm cheating on ?..............
Fun, pretty much a part of the family now.
Great addition to older Sonos
Great upgrade from the Echo Dot 1st Generation
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Not intuitive
Do you Spanish?
Very Nice Update
Decent sound - great whole house
Great little device, especially if your thinking about implementing some home automation.
From Echo 1 to 2 to 3rd gen
Alexa grew an Adam?s apple.
meh!
Amazon Customer Service Associate Helped
Not as smart as they make it out to be...
I love Alexa!
Very unsatisfactory
Worth having a few of these in your house
Quantum Leap in sound over 2nd Generation Dot
Stay away fron the 3rd Generation
Better speaker sound but worse microphone
I Love My Echo Dot!
Good updates but still needs minor improvements
Fails to Connect; Then Loses Network Completely and Needs Complete Re-setup
Major improvement from previous Gen!!
Glad I didn?t pay for this
Love, Love, Love
Much better sound and look than previous gen.
Its ok and saves my remote finger for other tasks
These are awesome devices, everyone will soon own these.
A friend
Awesome Little Device for the Mula!
Enjoyable device!
Flawless Design
Love! Way better than 2nd generation!
The best Dot yet
Absolutely useless piece of garbage
So Glad I Finally Brought Alexa Into The Home
Especially Great for me in Recovery Phase Post-Op Total Knee Replacement
Simply refuse to stay connected and play music
Great, but could improve!
Alexa! Where have you been all this time?
Changed power cord!
Great sound quality can use amazon certified smart plugs
Games and skills for every age!
Ok product but not worth an upgrade
Good improvement in audio, but it comes at a price
Perfect Assistant
Super simple to setup
Best Invention Since The MP3
Con limitaciones para uso en espa?ol
The best Echo Dot so far!
Good streaming while using satellite Internet
Fun little gizmo
Worth the upgrade
3Rd Gen is an excellent choice!
Love it - great option for people who live alone to reach emergency services.
Alexa is fun and a little silly. Great games and music!
so far, mostly just for fun
Love.
Perfect Echo companion
Sounds better than gen 2 and fits our decor better
Hasn't been as good as Gen2 for me
Much Improved DOT Placement Issues
GREAT Sound!!!!
Bought two, both defective
New abilities Alexa has learned
Caution
Speaker not that great - But still love the Echo
All you need in an Amazon Echo.
She?s a hit in our house
Sounded great at first! After the first month...
Much improved sound
Best and easiest way to listen to music and radio
3rd Gen Echo Dot Rocks!!!
Looks pretty. Microphone sucks. Stay with 2nd Gen.
Speaker is not as good as the Echo, but good for smaller room
Waste of Money
Won't Connect to WiFi
Great but few issues.
Great update over 2nd generation echo Dot!
Update from the 2nd Generation
A Moms Bestie
Not responsive over time
My family like it
Great upgrade over the 2nd generation dot
Great sound, more depth than gen 2, and more reactive.
bad product
Much better than generation 2.
Better Sound, Small Differences
A must own item!
Nice upgrade in sound
Very Handy
Cool but Could be SOOO much better!
Alexa. She's a true lady
Bluetooth setup, can use 5g, sound is a bit muffled
Super Easy to Start, Skills Linking More Challenging
Just right for our needs and more.
Excellent for Use with Seniors Interactive Conversation and Updated with Reminders
Decent sound, non-standard power connector
New to Alexa but immediately addicted
This is wonderful.
Need to fix the multi-device music issue! STAT!
3.5mm jack output volume is disturbingly LOW
New to this...
Stick with an Echo
Problems with the Gen 3
I prefer it's predecessor hands down. It looks nice but it doesn't sound nice.
Failed in a day
Extend your Ech/Alexa enabled home with the latest Generation of the Echo Dot.
Funny Story About My Dots!
The alexa app is garbage, it doesn't do what they claim!
A Fun and somewhat practical device!
Great job Amazon
What a great smart home device to have.
Extremely pleasantly surprised!!
Improved Sound - Different Power Supply
Big Update from Original Dot
Alexa is FAR ahead of Siri
Not as good as 2nd Gen
Much better sound, much slower response
Bass, more bass and no subwoofer.
Learn someting new each day!
Just like having my own DJ during the Christmas Holidays
Excellent Device with minor Flaws of limited Info
Big improvement
Very Nice Addition to Our Home
Way better than previous Dots!
Getting info correctly the first time
Do Not Miss This Great Kitchen product
Not Portable-stuck to needing an A/C plugin. Everything else is amazing!
The Echo System Does Not Work
Better way to listen to Dot
Great product!
This is definitely the best value echo
How did I live without Alexa?
Arlo owners beware!
Potentially good. Needs heavy involvement to be useful.
Is 'Alexa Guard' really coming?
Worth the upgrade!
Power supply hogs outlet.
She?s always listening 0.O
Love it
Sounds and Mic are Better than 2nd gen Echo
works great nice sound quality
Nicer than the old ones
Sounds better listens worse
Meh
Super stellar Sonic hearing ability never fails to amaze
Spotify Premium Required to use Spotify
Good way to help children with routine
Static Speaker
Here are some audio enhancement tricks...
Love my echo dot!
What happened to QC Amazon?
Reminds don't work
Disappointed!
I love it
Slaying Dragons while cleaning the house , Alexa can do that !
My life will forever be changed.
Nice
Good for baby's room
If you don?t have one, get one.
3rd gen keeps disconnecting from WiFi
Set Up a Pretty Good Home Surround Sound
Why should I stay with Echo?
Only as good as Siri. lol You be the judge
Definitely better sound quality
Great Job Amazon!
DAY 2 w/ Echo Dot and I Love It So Far
Not good for medical reminders
SOOOO COOOL!!
Impressed!!
Absolutely LOVE this thing!
Pretty rad
3rd gen dot
Beautiful Product!
Don't bother trying to find Voicecast!
Does what I wanted it for -Ask My Buddy
I like it. Dynamic bass according to volume.
Nice step up from 2nd Gen
Couldn't love this more!
Must buy.
Great Functionality and Sound
My home is getting pretty smart by the day.
Doesn't like auto channel on 5ghz
Not what I expected, but great potential
Frequent disconnects.  Marginally better sound than previous Dot.
The product is good by itself but needs improvement!
Brand new defective 3rd Gen echo dot replaced with a refurbished one
Love it - hope it lasts
Inferior to google home.
Alexa is great!
Nice Additions!
Has better speaker than the earlier gen 2
Great speaker, Love the Echo Dot
Great addition
Doesn't work
Not much different other than a few new issues.
Looks nice, might not hear me as well as our older version?
Spontaneous kitchen dance parties up by 100% !
Nice improvement
3rd Gen Dot is Fantastic - Nice job Amazon
Gotta get the hang of these things!
Amazon fix
Broke all my Wemo connections )-:
Poor performance
Better with multiples.
Sound Quality Much Better than 2nd Generation!!
Did not make me want to learn more about it - a neat little oddity
Kids are Obsessed
Good Voice Command Features, Not So Great Speaker
Usability could be better
it is small
Improved sound and package with same great functionality
Google Home is better
Man, does this thing use a lot of bandwidth!
Very dissatisfied n
Family friendly!
New and Improved, but less universal...
Eats Gen 2 Echo for brunch, it's no full-sized Echo (and that's ok)
Great speaker and responsive
I love my Echo Dot(s).
can't listen to my audible throughout my house with my multiple devices!
Sounds Rough About Half the Time
New amazon generations do not work in my house
Sounds better when it does.
The Echo Dot is a must have!
It?s like having an invisible personal assistant in the room with you!!
Convenient, if Creepy
Enjoy mine- both of them .
Big disappointment, no USB!?
Disappointed with customer service
A great entry level smart device!
Like hands-free Googling, but so much more!
Miracle Nightstand Device!
Is there an echo in here
Confusing
Best device i have purchased for 30 bucks.
Very good, room to grow - which is a plus
Better than 2nd - worth the price
significant improvement over gen2, and a deal with recent pricing under $30
Great sound and features out of this little puck - great upgrade to the original Dot
Good but much much less functional than expected.  Real problems with Australian amazon accounts.
Think you can't get any lazier? Guess again!
Alexa is a saucy chica
Convenient assistant, BUT no Shuffle for Apple Music
It would be a cool device if it didn't sound like crap
No USB power input
WOW!!!  GREAT SOUND!!!!
Blows the 2nd Gen away!
Wouldn't cooperate
Better than the original echo dot, but...
Horrible Amazon customer service!
I'm far more comfortable with my Google smart speaker.
Works pretty well, once setup that is...
READ  UPDATE
Muffled sound & DEFECTIVE controls when compared to Echo Dot 2nd Generation
the third generation is mind blowing thank you Amazon  now you. Really Rock LOL !!!!
A lot of fun. Alexa much better than Siri!
Great sounds, discreet and complimentary look to it.
Love Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Good "secretary"
A Tale About My Smart Home
Good music quality compared to echo dot 2
DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE TEENS!!
Connection and set-up failure
Wasn't expecting it
Hopefully not the new normal for the Echo Dots.
mote than one
It's like having a personal assistant!
Good safety measure
The future... Today!
Sweet deal
Works great
Doesn't work well.
Okay if you have bland musical tastes
Better then 2nd Gen
Overall device is great. BUTT alexa is a bit diappointing
Disappointing
I love her annoying butt
Not as good as the older ones.
Fantastic Upgrade
Nice upgrade
Dot 3 does not work with a ring doorbell 2.
Somewhat better than 2nd generation Echo Dot
Best echo dot yet!
Echo is for us, Google mini wasn't
Perfect purchase!
Much Improved
Simple but one of the most impressive tech I own
3rd Gen is Way Better than 2nd Gen
Works great and easy set up
Echo Dot 3rd Gen is a great upgrade over 2nd gen
Didn't think I'd like it but now I LOVE it.
Great!!!
Huge upgrade!
Alexa is unresponsive and kind of useless
Small but sounds great!
It can lose its voice!?
Fun purchase
Incompatible power and software ignorance makes the 3rd gen a poor 2nd.
Switching to google home mini
Not worth having more than one unless u like to spend more money
Alexa is My New Friend and Confidant
Great for quick answers!
Definite improvement over previous version
So many uses and improving all the time.
Alexa does so much
I love access to everything without using phone/computer
Impressive bang for the buck
Got worst over time
Biggest bang for the buck on the planet!
Worth it
I love these things
3rd Gen Dot!
Attractive, low-profile speaker
This 3rd Gen Dot is awesome!
Major sound improvement
A level above the 2nd Gen Dot
Seems to be fitting in.
Microphone could be better
Fun to use, but TERRIBLE sound quality!
Echo has a hard time with instructions.
An amazing device that you won't regret owning
NOT USB charging.... Seriously!
Excellent item
If gas furnace, must use Power Extender kit
It works ok
Small echo big sound
Must  install FireTV Service provider 'app' within Alexa app to pair with FireTV Stick
My first Echo device and I love it
Very cool device, enables a lot of smart home devices.
Independance
Love this!
Overall a good product
The sound quality is outstanding
Makes me feel like a kid on Christmas morning!
A needed item in your house!
Wonderful for sight impaired or handicapped people.
totally love it
this is the way to go
This gadget is so FUN
Hopefully they get better
Good device
Sleek design, but awful microphone
Helpful But...
Wonderful Device
Not always there to assist but confuse
Good so far for my first voice device.
Wow, nice.
The Lazy Maker
Just ok.
difficult to use
Bluetooth + Speaker = Terrible experience
Love, Love Love these!!
Great Gift
Love Alexa!!!
Misleading stereo or failed to live up to biggest reason I bought them.
Everyone says she?s cool but not really impressive
Fun Little Gadget!
Ready to pull my hair out
Love this new Dot!?
Alexia Helping with House Lighting
Static after a month and support is awful
GREAT PRODUCT!
Keep 2nd generation dot. 3rd generation is garbage
Can't beat that price.
I?m impressed! I?m not in 4th grade!
Surprisingly intuitive
Better Sound (than previos Echo Dots)
Meets all my expectations
Alexa is the friend in the room
Amazing!
3rd gen dot is significantly better
Our household gives these 5 stars! We love them.
Pretty Good
Love it but I?m sad about the new power supply
The BEST OF BOTH ALEXA WORLDS!
Amazon did an amazing job on the audio
Life is easier with the echo
Wishing everything used artificial intelligence now, lol
Speakers are awsome
Top notch smart speaker for the money. Way better than the 2nd gen Dot.
speaker quality and style much improved
Pretty cool.
Convenient, very effective home assistant.
Underwhelming
Works well but hard to set up
Yeah yeah yeah!
A great addition
addicting and precise
Gen 3 Dot works and sounds great - setup was a step backwards.
Too much bass for voice
Love my Echo-system!
Does what I wanted it to do
Doesn't play well with others
Cute & Powerful
Amazing Device, you must have one.
Much better audio than the 2nd gen
Dot on the Horizon Looms Large, Surpasses Expectations with Flying Colors
Customer Service is HORRIBLE
Oh Alexa, why do you torment me?!
Buggy or
Bigger Speaker More Bass...
My only friend in life
We Love Alexa
Awesome EXCEPT Not Wireless
Upgraded big time
Wants to stay in sleep mode after using it for a bit.
For the price - it?s a good deal and helpful
Easy setup, Fabric shell material is a nice modern decor over 1st gen models...
Great for kid's rooms
so much fun!
Alexa at home
Easy to set up, fun, and useful.
Great improvement on the Dot!
Impressive sound for the size
What an improvement!
Aesthetically pleasing and fun
Failed after 5 months
I like the 2nd generation better
Good quality, sound.  Understands commands much better than Alexa.
Got this for $1.06!
Thank you Alexa...
Love this echo
Echo Dot is a Great foundation to a smart home...
ALEXA IS FANTASTIC
Works well
Amazing sound quality and so useful! Buying more asap!
THAT'S what I was hoping for!
Still has trouble hearing me and understanding me.
Alexa is awesome
Dammed cool! Dammed cool device!
Must have for tech savvy family!
Get the 2nd Gen!
Works like the earlier version, just prettier looking and the low sound is stronger.
Recommend highly
If you?re looking for multi-room play the works consistently - move along
Totally worth it
"GURL....! Alexa sounds GOOD!"
It works okay but still have some ways to go...
The speaker in this generation is a substantial upgrade! The only Alexa device needed!
Why not a five star review - Amazon add control for the lights!
Not good at working with non-amazon providers
need more improvment
Nice Improvement Over the Echo 2
Making my rooms smarter
Issues
So glad I did!
Echo Dot and Firestick incompatible with music playback
These are great smart speakers for my bedroom
Doesn't Respond
Easy to use
serves my purposes very well
Honest review
Echo Dot 3
ANNOYING AS TIME GOES On... WHY!??
Don't buy if you don't have your own Private Wifi
The best gift I never knew I wanted!
Great product but Amazon needs to improve it!
Whole family loves it!
Getting Echo Dot Connected and Working
We have four dots now - and an old echo in the garage
A crippled girl's dream come true!!
Very Boomy Sound - Not Worth the Upgrade
I will not be part of the herd.
Don't Judge By Looks Alone
Great addition to my living room
What is to think about? Everyone needs Dots around the house.
Static noise  after four months.
WOW
Gen 3 is awesome upgrade!
Compact package and decent sound quality
Great Addition...
HUGE (heh) IMPROVEMENT
Great deal, 1 PROBLEM
Great deal for Home Ai
Great satellite for the Alexa system
Recommend to everyone
I'm not sold on Alexa - but it was free... so???
New Echo Dot Has Multi-room Music solution
Alexa what a joy to have around
Makes life easier
Speaker is better. Charging cable and connecter is higher quality. Looks nicer on furniture.
She's impressive.
Very entertaining
This Item Is The Best
Functionally Disappointing, Get Google Home
a MUST have!
Great in my nursery!
Appears to be working ok - However, green light stays on a lot ???
Beats the Heck Out of My Shower Radio
Awesome prodcut for the price
An excellent improvement over the second generation echo dot.
Nice sound. Not the smartest
Great at capturing voice
A music lovers dream.
Garbage
HELLO, ALEXA!
The Dot is mostly on spot
Great device! An actual updated device!
Hard to set up initially but very easy to use
A good little speaker and Alex for 50 bucks.
Set up is a pain in the ass, but once set up they are a lot of fun to use.
Great sound in small package
Great sound, great AI, great product
Great Black Friday deal
Confusing, Hard to Set Up
Account Service is Right on Point
Not as good as my 2nd gen
Pleasantly surprised by how useful it has been.
Put a Dot on it!
Minor upgrade and better speakers.
Great sound output and quality!
Fantastic, even as a white-noise machine
Not very helpful
From Gen 2 to Gen 3 - WHAT AN IMPROVEMENT
Much improved product
Neat gizmo
Works great! Sounds fantastic for such a compact device!
The same and not the same.
Would have returned, missed window by one day...
Wish they could share timers
I like it
Printed directions not included.
The sound is terrific and the size is small. A real winner all around.
NO STARS AND THE TRADE IN PROGRAM IS A SCAM
Can't turn Fire TV Stick 4K on/off, mediocre audio recognition
Good sound quality, horrible voice recognition
Awesome very helpful give it a day or so to get used to I got a little
Alexa is learning!
Service Rip-Off.
Gets better all the time
Echo's Newest Raving Fan!
It's Fun -- and Helpful.
Alexa works fine. Speaker and sound is garbage.
Improved sound output & having fun with intercom and drop-in
The easy use of it.
Good hardware, lackluster software.
Impressive Value, Well Worth the Money
No Amazon Unlimited Music for paired 3rd generation Echo Dots.
She?s cool!
Good product - different from the v.2 in its sound.
Great Sound Quality, but Alexa has room to improve
Love my Echo Dot!
We've been enjoying it!
Finally something priced reasonably
Surprisingly good sound - Now have 3 at my mom's house
Cute, compact, but not a know it all
Impressed
Highly Recommended
Work unit...
Needs more customization
Love it
great upgrade
It?s Alexa!
Terrible sound quality
What a Big "punch" for such a small device.
Great Device, I wish it worked seamlessly in Spanish as well
Terrible.
2nd Gen is Better
There are endless things Alexa can do!
Good buy but doesn?t meet the hype
Much better sound than the 2nd gen I had before
Ruined my furniture
Love it. Much better than previous version
Great device and awesome sound
Not quite there yet.
Beautiful addition to the home.
How Will Alexa Fit Into Your Life
Alexa really Shines
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a great device !
Good for music but not for news or talk radio.
Amazed with what the echo can do.
great upgrade
Just what I needed
Love it!
Great upgrade!
Continuing to evolve.
Works as adverstised
Much improved sound quality
Love the 3rd generation
Surprisingly loud!
kids love this.  Sound is excellent in my opinion after accounting for size
A little disappointed but I would still recommend it as it?s fairly inexpensive
I want to love it but I?m just frustrated!!
Blown away
I Love Alexa!
In love with Alexa!
Fits my minor needs
It's an Echo Dot, what's not to love?
Smart little speaker with good sound
Perfect
Not as intimidating as I thought!
Love my Echo
My second favorite non-human!!! Only her big sister is better!!!
Enjoy more than expected
cool but need user preference enablement
Not too easy to set up
Excellent voice recognition
It's Part Of The Family Now
I love my echo dot
Loving it
Needs a lot update still.
Tell Alexa "play runescape"...
Very compact, Great range, Easy set up!
This is not the home AI device you are looking for.
Alexa OK but not Smart!
Decent sound in a small package
Incredible sound quality
the default 'find my phone' app has a surcharge
Fantastic!
Helpful room assistant
Awesome sound - bought multiple
Awaiting more advancements
The Alexa functions work fine.  The speaker function leaves a lot to be desired
Real pain to keep awake
4th one purchased!
rlly great
Better Sound Quality Then 2nd Gen, Less Sensitive to Wake Command
Stay away if you use a Bluetooth speaker
Great speaker, Alexa has hard time hearing and answering some questions
Alexa sounds like Southpark's Kenny
love it - why did I wait so long?
My new Echo Dot
Worth the price of admission to upgrade
Previous generation worked better.
Our third Echo
this thing is great only one problem
Love this!
Speaker is amazing, mics are sensitive
Fun, good resource, and good value for the money and great for Seniors
Great Product, many uses
I like 1st generation better than 3rd generation, here is why
The sound is amazing!
Fun new device for the living room
Great sound and app caveat
It's aight
Speakers are SOOOO much better!
HUGE improvement
just okay
Great addition...
Much Improved Sound
2nd Gen VS 3rd Gen
Not as impressed with this device
Still learning
FRUSTRATING
Loud... sometimes too loud
Pretty dope!
Just great!
Echo Shrunk
Review after 3 months - disappointments
Unlimited Music - crazy restrictions
Fun device to play around with
Better but still has room to improve
Could be great but Amazon restricts it  for $
Can't wait to see what else this can do!
Setup is the devil, Alexa is an angel
No disappointments!
Love it! Trying not to ask Alexa for help when I'm in places I can't bring Alexa. lol!
Bye felicia
It's cool except it won't do the thing I wanted it for.
ALEXA ?  IS THIS FOR YOU ?
better than version 2 with some caveats
3rd Gen DOT is a huge improvement in sound
I think Alexa is spying on me - AMAZING sound over ver 2
What exactly is it good for?
Great speakers with a down side
Does not auto find my wireless network
1st Time User
For Info only
Sound of Music Great, Voice Not So Great
The sound on these is damn near as good as the full-sized Echos!
Easy to set up
Fun to have but seem to crap out eventually.
Failed to meet my needs
extremely upset.
EXCELLENT!!!
GREAT SOUND FOR SUCH A SMALL SPEAKER
Nice device to enter the home automation era
Significant sound upgrade from the 2nd-gen Dot!
I held off but now have multiple dots at my house. I love them with Apple Music!
The Echo Dot Is So Much Fun!
Echo is great but the Alexa app is buggy!
Now we're talking!
Bad connection on gen 3
does nothing right
Quality Sound
Fabulous!
It?s going to get smarter
So easy and fun a 5 year old can do it
More fun than expected!
Style and clarity on point
Dissapointed
Speaker blew out after a couple months of minimal, non-max-volume use.
Five units one household BEWARE
Works very well, easy to use, great product.
Upgrade. Now.
Won't pair with Alex Voice Remote
Pretty good to have around
Only lasted 2 months
Easy connection to streaming
Bullet proof little hockey puck of joy
Another disappointment from Amazon
It is SO MUCH BETTER than previous gen's!
Audio is a def improvement.
Suggestion for a new product!
RESPONDS ON COMMAND TO ANY QUESTION
Much better sounding than my gen 2 Echo Dot
Had it for about a month
Great speaker, few things could be added though
LOVE THE SIZE WEIGHT AND FEEL
TOOOO hard to set up
Fun
Discovering more uses each day
I've bought 3 so far and will be getting more
Can?t beat the price for how many things it does. It?s better than Siri on your phone.
Power Supply Change is Net Negative
Try it.... Good for the price but nothing is 100
White Elephant
Wow, sound is great improvement over last gen Dot!
Not ready yet
Horrible support and horrible voice recognition
Fun, and helpful. Overall I'm loving it.
A no brainier purchase
Static
We have disagreements
Extremely disappointing Like the previous version better
If you work from home and have conference calls this is a necessity
Love it
Works Great, Sound needs Improvement
Looks great compared to previous generations!
Fun and Functional ...
Audio sounds muffled
Love the sound level and clarity on Echo Dot generation three
Cool to use, shipping is horrible
Bad quality speaker
Love the Echo
So much better sounding than my 2nd Gen Echo Dot
The Echo Dot is Better Than Ever!
Looks nicer but not bowled over.
Doesn't work
Big improvement in sound from Generation Two
fun and helpful
Cool but
Alexa - your robotic friend.
Love
Have 2 in stereo, working great, even for music
Dot-lightful!
Bang for the buck speaker
?It?s always listening? for the wake word
Ease of use, flexibility, fantastic features!!!
Love this
Sound not that gr6
Awesome for bedrooms/nursery/bathrooms
More options to wake up word
sound is significantly greater than previous models
Love it
This is our first echo, and we have been very happy!
Mod 3 POD is a disappointment.
Love using it with My Ring Door Bell
i think everyone should get one! especially older people! or younger people!
Excellent paperweight
Annoying popping sounds every half hour.
Bluetooth not working UPDATE: Fixed!
Alexa decides when to work
Disappointing
Useful, enjoyable product
Pretty sharp but more of a novelty.
Great Speaker, Terrible APP and hard to play podcasts.
Echo Dot 3rd Gen - Alexa is dumb
Excellent support from Amazon
I?m obsessed. I want Alexa in every room!
Great for Helping Grandma
Considerably Better
Quality control issues, second replacement.
Great for quick inquires; the dog thinks her name is "Alexa" now
What seems like a whim becomes a necessity
3rd generation dot is a vast improvement
Still could be improved
Prefer 2nd generation
GREAT...but...
Universal product
Noticeable improvement over first gen
Great for kid's bedroom!
Small footprint - big sound
Meh
Very Happy With My Purchase - Highly Recommended!
Love her!
The Echo is a junk box
Perfect Extension of My Echo
A great gift surprise
Sound quality much better, Voice recognition worse
Good sound, easy understanding.
Echo Dot 3 is smart and stylish
Easy to set up
Easy To Install & Very Convient
Great little helper
Christian friendly
Warranty issues.
Recommended!  Very pleased
Limited support
3rd Generation Better than the Previous Dot
Love it and the Price!!
Worth it!
Terrible sound quality
Alexa cannot substitute the Internet, but she is great for controlling devices
Echo Dot
Great!
They are not fully connected
Buy echo and enjoy life at home
Alexa is my new best friend.
Nearly Perfect
Multi Connection Function-ability
Speaker is not great with music. Cool product though.
The Perfect 'Roommate'!
Not as good as 1st Gen
Not what it seems
Almost perfect
Nice addition to my Alexa enabled devices
Great for controlling smart devices and calls
For what I use it for, it is a decent little device
It is not improvied
The morning alarm alone is worth the price!
Less than impressive
Pleasantly surprised.
Great Echo For The Price
The sound compared to the 2nd gen echo is tremendously better!
Hmmm?
What they don't tell you
The Dot is pretty cool
Surprisingly good sound
Bulky power adapter / Dead on Arrival
Just Another Gadget
Okay But Sounds Awful
One happy hubby!
Dissapointed
Superb Microphones
Better sound quality
Amazing product for seniors
Better sound
Nifty little gadget!
Most hilarious Christmas Gift
Great price and good sound!
1 more Alexa device, please.
EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS!
Sorry, nothing like a google home mini
Not Wireless.
Great replacement for kitchen radio.
So far, completely unimpressed
i can HEAR it.
Love it but the speaker has issues
much better sound
My first echo
A quality product that is easy to use!
Echo Dot is Easy!
Radio Replacement
Disconnection of other Bluetooth devices....
Love it!
Much more sensitive to picking up Wi-Fi
Utter disappointment compared to 2nd gen
Product failures are proof life but lousy support is not.
I Love My Echo Dot
Worked As Described.
Seems like it should be better on 3rd gen
Yeah, it's cool.
Stereo pair works but unstable
It's a Dot but not as good as previous version
Great for music but...
Still getting to know it
Charcoal Echo Dot Does not work properly with other Echo or Echo Dot (2nd gen)
Intercom purpose
Amazing on Sale
Excellent audio quality for the price.
Disappointing and frustrating sums up this device.
Great!  Love my Echoes
Echo Dot Gen 3 Issues
Received non working device
Easy to set up
I love this device!
Very disappointed
Speakers are truly terrible
Useful but technology not all the way there yet
Better Sound than Gen 2, but....mic is weaker.
I bought 5 of theses so far I love them
Excellent device
Helped me find my lost phone, very fun, but could use some work
Better sound quality then 2nd gen, but seems to lag slightly
Small but useful and sounds pretty good!
Works great with Bose system
Alexa, how do you sound on the echo dot 3 rd generation?
very good sound surprising beings it's size
Excelled my expectations!
Some ways an improvement, others not.
Huge downgrade from the previous version.
fun
Every home needs at least one.
Started off good
Nice device, but lacks AI training.
Alexa what is . . . almost anything
It?s a hoot. ?
Great little helper!
Husband Changed His Mind & LOVES Her!
Had some difficulty connecting to our internet
Accent recognized!
Alexa is the best gift to give!
Needs some work.
Nice and Easy
Who can't love Alexa?
i like it, but it's bit deaf
Dots of fun
Adds a lot of convenience to this nanny?s life
Love it
How to make a product worse
Receptive and works.
Both useful and entertaining
The joys of having Alexa
LOVE!!!!!!
Buggy and slow.
Cheap but Mighty
Easy to use
Eco Dot 3rd
Great Sound!  Doesn't sync well if you use many in a "group."
A great way to start your morning!
We love our echo and dots!
Setting this up to pair with your Echo is a freaking nightmare.  I hate your app Help!
Alexa is helpful!
I'm not sold.
Not as great as I was told.
recommenable very happy
What did we do before Alexa?
I really enjoy using the Echo Dot
Worthless
Used device.
On Board the Alexa Train
2 steps forward but then 1 step backward.
I'm having fun with this little dot.
Great
It's an Echo. Of course it is amazing.
It sounds good
Good Device, Alexa is Just OK
A Question of Balance
Great buy. Two for $50.00 deal.
These are awesome!
These just keep getting better
Wonderful Life!
I Recommend This Almost Perfect Product.
Love this little thing!
Speaker developed a distortion and scratchy sound quality .
Does exactly what it says it will do.
Great for Rooms
Significant improvement in audio quality
I may try Google Alexa changes things up too much.
fun to mess with
Solid
Alexa Can't Play Many Podcasts.
Everyone needs one!
These are great!
Awesome!
Why no USB?
Choose wisely when using smart plugs.
Lov
Surprisingly good quality sound.
Very good adult "toy"
Fun. Substantially louder than first generation
Nice Improvement
Get the third generation
Lots of fun and a great smart home addition
Almost perfect
I never thought I needed Alexa...
It sucks
We want more
Good Sound, a bit dumb compared to google home
Better instructions for the dummy
The best $40 purchase ever!
App is terrible
Can't use as an external speaker without a bluetooth connection
A Great Little Helper and Information Announcer 3rd Gen Echo Dot
Speaker Concerns ??? Suggestions what to do ????
SO disappointed
So far, so good!
Love it!
Doesn't keep up with Google home
Amazon and Alexa Are A Wonderful Pair
Good thing we got this for free
Great Updated Dot Smart Speaker
Huge bang for your buck  Small convenient to put anywhere and great sound quality
Works the same as a generation 2 but with better sound
How can you NOT like these?
AWESOME UPGRADE. DO IT... YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
Speaker is decent if you're not too picky on sound quality
Well Built, Sounds Good
10-Oct
Works Adequate
Needs equalizer
It?s better .. but issues
Difficult to set up
Keeps getting better
Fun and somewhat useful. Needs some improvement though.
Had a small issue, but got resolved and works great now!
sound quality
Dislike the app
Sooooo cool!
The Echo Dot (3rd generation) is AWESOME!
DON NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
Smart Home for a few bucks!
This little thing is the bomb!
Power Adapter Is One Step Back
Ridiculous how useful this little gadget has become. Nice sound for its size.
Love it!
Much fuller sound and larger than Gen 2 Dot
Surprising pleasure
Sound quality is a lot better than the 2nd gen.
Very quick answers
Speaker started sounding bad a few days out of the box
We love these things
Great sound quality
Alexa is AWESOME!!!!
Well worth the price
No support
Better sound, but buggy.
Awesome technology can?t beat Alexa or the Price for High Tech Items !!!
GREAT SO FAR
Impressed with speaker quality!
Amazing device with shockingly excellent sound
A good product made even better
Works really well as an extra Alexa device for the bedroom
Poor microphones
App is awful
Alexa answers, to most things.
Best Echo yet!
Liked google mini more
Great Speaker
MY NEW BFF!!! :-)
Absolutely a good buy
Capabilities Lost in this Version
Uses one of the worst apps known to man!
I got an used device, w/o power cable, not in the official package
We love our 3rd gen
Welcome upgrade
It's fun, but...
Alexa!!
on my 2nd one - both bad sound
Love, love, love
alexa dot
Only complaint is lack of ability to work with Itunes playlist
AMAZON FINALLY OVERCAME BOSE...SORT OF
Useful and fun!
Good product, but management is challenging
Great to have and easy to use.
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Pretty sweet
My grandchildren have a lot of fun with this.
WOW. How did I live without this?
Not THAT easy
Pretty cool for the price
Bought 2 as gifts
Best amazon device ever
Mostly effective as intercom
Purchased Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Alexa?
MAKE A WATER RESISTANT ONE FOR MY SHOWER
Much better then the previous generation but could still improve
Love this Echo 3
Improvement with eccentricity
Good, always getting better
I wouldn?t buy this to use for music! But the other features are okay for this particular model!!
Product Works as Described
echo dot 3rd gen (gray)
Our family loves our echos!
Easy set up!
Great value with giveaway, excellent little speaker, great Alexa addition
Buggy App
Echo Dot is so much fun; I don't know how I got along without it!
What a fun and interesting bit of technology.
Great little multifunction smart device
little but really useful
Not crazy about this product
So far. So good.
Good for its Purpose
Little speaker, big sound
Didn't think I needed a digital assistant but she's proven useful as well as entertaining...
Great option for music and audio books but uses lots of data
Still in Kindergarten
Very good improvements
Lots of fun
Really G R E A T !!
Much improved mic and sound.
Meh... it still can't fetch the newspaper
Alexa Play
maybe next gen has the capabilities to pause and play
Plug and play
3rd gen dot is disappointing
Much nicer than the first Dot
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Amazon echo is perfect for my house
Worth the price just for the entertainment of it!
Sound is Disappointing ?
Pleasantly Surprised
Can't live without out my echo!
Much better overall!
Great
We bought this for our son !!!
Best Purchase in a long time!
Love love love it!
amazon > google
Great device. One complaint.
Questionable Sound Quality
This thing is great !
It's much better this version
Good, but buggy...
Life changing!
So fun and convenient!
Nicer Looking...Audio Not So Much
Performs As Advertised
Great product
Quality sound
Life is better with Amazon smart devices in it ....
I LOVE IT!!!
Very impressive!!
Love Alexa features
Piece of Junk
perfect
Awesome
Overall I love her so far :)
I got this as a gift
Convenience
Echo dot 3rd gen broke
My daughter loves hers
Fun toy
Haven't been able to set this up. Got It setup! Yeah!
Not as good as the 2nd Gen
Disappointing
It?s part of our life!
Not Able To Answer Basic Questions ?
Alexa is a family member now
Speaker definitely better--Mic not so much
Very easy to install and use!
Very easy to set up and fun to have with a group of people.
Sound quality is well worth the price.
I was unsure; extremely happy with ECHO DOT
finally understand the buzz about Alexa
Dot Makes Everything Better
Does not work in Trinidad
I love my echo dot.
Dessapointed
What a difference
I love the Evho Dot and Alexa
LOVE THE ECHO DOT
Would be 5 stars but account problems...
Works Like a Charm
Alexa makes life easier!
Love Alexa, She is so helpful.
Love it!
Great upgrade
Stops Playing
Shopping & Entertaining
Greattttt product!
Alexa's just not that smart, but she works hard!
Difficult to set up
Using it more every day
No battery
Box came opened and without any protection inside.
Sorry I waited so long to take the plunge
Fun and FUNCTIONAL
Better sound and design!
Like it and planning to buy another!
Holding out for the fix
F$ These piece of $&$#
Great unit but needs tweeking.
Not an upgrade
Better Sound Quality
A definite upgrade from version 2
A Must Have!
So very helpful
Better!
Great Companions
awesome additions
If you love amazon and their smart home products the dots a must.
Best intuitive speaker!
Alexa is my best friend. Don't tell my cat!
Great sound in a small package!
Wonderful Smart-home Devices.
Number 6 and counting!
Maybe not the best yet...
Good purchase for the home office.
Makes phone calls! Every home needs one or a few!
Love it! Impressive sound quality.
Originally thought I had ordered the wrong item
Not the best Echo device
Way better sound quality
Wow....what a great product....enjoying...
Much improved speaker
A great improvement on an already good product.
How have I survived without a Dot?!?
Fantastic
Game changer
Easy as pie!
Alexa Has Cotton in her Mouth
Horrible speaker
Sound quality GREATLY improved!
Solid device, not the best App
Alexa is my new best friend!
Disappointed in new generation
Works great, except when it doesn?t.
It works exactly as described
Love my Echo Dot
3rd Gen is improved
Instant information.  Just ask Alexa
Nice design, good speaker, Alexa need work
Did not do what I thought it would do
Hockey puck wearing a winter coat and the sound is so much better
Improved generation one placed correctly
Handy, affordable, one in every room
Helpful Dot
You never stop learning with Alexa
Best Thing Ever
Fun device
Best gift ever!!!!
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Great Sound!
Better than the last one
Delayed response from Alexa
Blows away the competition
Easy to use!
I love this little thing.
Love it
Great sound for a compact device
No instructions just downloaded that app but the app doesn't tell you anything
Great addition to your home
Impressed with the Updates!
Very good speaker for the size!
Maybe not
Amazon echo dot
Alexa is my go to for almost everything!!
Highly recommend!!!
At least try this!  It's as simple as just an Internet connection ?
Too smart for its own good
Works ok, not much improvement
Absolutely LOVE Them, but a Few Issues and Wishes...
Great update to the Echo Dot!
Love It!
It must have ear plugs in because she doesn't understand me!
Muffled
don't do it
Well worth the purchase!
gamechanger
love the upgrade 3rd gen
Better than expected, but not perfect
Great sound for such a small device!
Not crazy impressive
Sounds natural
Love it.. Speakers way better than the gen 2
Very fun but doesn't work my TV
Works Really Well
Simple and easy to Use
Easy and Useful
Alexa is my side kick
Love the Echo, we just wish...
Awesome Amazon Echo Dot!
All that and more!
Enjoying my "dot"
Junk
May get a 3rd one
Eh
Convenience is a plus
Doesn't Work with Spotify
I love my Echo 3 generation.
Alexa can play from Apple Music
Excellent product
Very useful when setup properly.
I hate repeating myself.
Great product, but two issues
A great improvement, I think....
Audio issues
Keep volume below 3/4 and we are good
It?s pretty fun having Alexa around
Echo Dot is very versatile
Start to a smart home
Impressive Quality, Prefect For A Spare Room
A Very Useful Electronic Device!
Improved sound
Wonderful sound in a small package.
Huge Sound Improvement
Do not buy!
New improved Dot has really great sound quality!
Superb, wired Personal Assistant
It?s gooder than the 2nd model!
works well, if you can connect
Amazing!!!
Not intuitive, does not serve a useful purpose.
Parents loved it.
So Much Fun!
Crackling speaker
Family time together
Fun to play with
Not user friendly
easy install
Does not connect to Samsung galaxy 8plus or any Samsung device
Echo dot RULEZZ!!XD
Much improved sound quality.
My second Alexa, just a smaller body..
Not impressed
Better than I expected
Great device.
Difference in TAP vs. ECHO 3
Tiny but packs a wow
I am changing my previous negative review.
This Echo Dot is helping me sleep better at night!
Dot (3rd Gen) Good but not the best.
Love my Alexa
A new friend
It Works!
Definitely better than Siri at somethings
Very satisfied
Looks better Sound is better and worse
Much better than the original.
Love my Dots !
Dot 3rd Gen is better
Like my Echo Dot
Disappointing
Great little device
Worth the extra ??
Four stars only because i haven't had it long enough
Alexa is my homegirl
Needs help understanding simple sentences
Alexa be the GIRL!!
Life just got that much better.
A great music, news, information, all around helper..
It put me up on my feet, singing and dancing, top of my lungs. For that, I am grateful
Just don?t waste your time with a hassle
Doesn't hear me well compared to its older version
Amazon Alexa Echo is acquiring new skills and abilities everyday
HUGE Improvement over Gen 1 and Gen 2!!!
Good quality, overall good value.
Not recommended by me
Will not connect to Wifi
Cute adult toy
Very helpful and now affordable
No reason not to buy this.
Love this new gen!
Ordered for the Teens
Good!!
It's OK
Make sure systems are fully compatible.some say they are but you LOSE functions.
Music to my ears
Works.  Couldn't find better price (2 pack better than buying singles over time).
4 stars
Speaker is failing in first week
Sound upgrade from gen 2 echo dot.
Alexa<Google
A little laggy
The Echo Dot is a great buy!
Very Easy to Set Up
You can?t go wrong with an Echo Dot
so quiet
Emergency contact for seniors or health challenged homes.
It's a fun devise
It works
Highly reccomend
I would recommend
Great Deal! Great Sound!
One is not enough.
3 Month Warranty - Don?t Risk It!
Sometimes weird
Favorite thing
Pretty impressed !
Alexa is awesome
Excellent Sound Quality !
Great...until...
Offline issues.
How did we manage before...very pleased!!
Great product
I ask Alexa about weather every morning.
Better than ever.
Love it!
New but not all that.
does cool stuff hands free but...
2nd gen dot is better
Meh.
Computer, Turn on the lights!
Deeper base/clear loud speakers/looks great!
Over Rated
Alexa voice sounds muffled
The Echo Dot 3 is awesome!
Perfect for what I want and a little more
Much to do about nothing.
They Just Keep Getting Better - Awesome sound quality!
Is Alexa the Future? Tune in next week and find out
Why is the second generation better than the third generation echo dot
Excellent sound quality
Major Improvement
It?s great for the cost
You don't need it, but it's nice to have anyway.
Meh.
big improvement
propelling larry into the space age.
Much better quality than second generation.
RIP OFF
Don?t buy it. Major disappointment.
Better Sound Quality
Like It
The Future is Now!
This one is much better y?all.
Perfect for the bedroom.
Better than expected
Perfect for what it is. Not the choice for music quality. A great little companion.
Best Voice Control
Freebee with Sirius
3 stars
The Echo Dot and Alexa are among my favorite things.
Almost perfect!
Nice Sound
Already paid for itself!
Alexa
Sounds really good
Works great, very good sound quality for such a small speaker.
Really great device
Nice improvement
I love this echo and alexa
2nd Alexa, 1st Dot
All new dot
Small, Superb, Smart Speaker.
Great sound. Connects instantly to radio.  I ask Alexa to find kcaa radio.com!
Great sound
Great Improvement!
Works well and worth the price
Great application
Have to be a genius to use it
Love Alexa!
Sounds better. Still doesn?t hear very well.
Amazing product!
Echo Dot is Amazing
Impossible to set up! App is worthless!
Great device!!
Excellent Device
Echo dot is a must have item.
Truly Life Changing!
Overall great! Better sound quality, audiobook isn?t worth it
we use it all the time still!
Alexa remembers a Lot
Handy little Alexa!
Great device.
Big improvement over 2nd gen
Good sound, poor voice recognition
No longer uses usb power like the gen 2. Another ugly power brick on the wall.
It pops on a lot lately for no reason
Very impressed!
I love it but my wife is paranoid
Wasn't Sure I Would Even Use It But I Keep Finding More & More Things I Can Do!
Buy more than one!
DO NOT BUY!
Voice as an angel, dumb as a rock.
Not the WOW as I expected
total waste of my money
When it hears your directions its great!
Does Alexa hate me?
Microphone Not as Good as Gen 2
My Newest addition
The Amazon Echo series is the best!
Nice sounds for small unit!
HORRIBLE
Life changing!!!... for me ??
Outstanding!!!
Totally Buy It!!!
FUN and Easy to use
Works Fine
Loud and Clear
I LOVE IT!!!
Not so easy to get started
So great I bought another one!
Love the Echo Dot!
Sound is muffled
Great for music but....
Works as expect  - Excellent
We Love Alexa
Good product
Best smart speaker value
Love the dot
Great Christmas gift for regifting!
Fav thing is lists that are saved!
Great little white DOT...
Big sound, small package
Fun Item
Must have for any student!!
Good, not great
Echo dot means fun
Creepy
Best spur the moment purchase I ever made!
Great reception and sound. Difficult installation
Wow, just. wow.
Do it all with your voice
Enjoying
Surprised myself
I have no idea, I plugged it in for a minute
A Real Bummer
Pretty cool
Good sound
small but mighty
Very useful but beware of eavesdropping
great echo sound, all around the house!
Great!
How to use the features of the dot easier
Muffled sound compared to 2nd Gen *Updated*
Way better than previous versions
Nice Improvement Over Previous Dot
Nice.  Bigger louder speaker.
why waste the money?
Way better than Google home!
YUUUGGGGE upgrade to sound quality from gen 2!
love love love
Great voice recognition and easy set up!!!
First Time User of an Echo
Alexa, where have you been all my life?
The future of home management.
Echo Dot 3 Smart Speaker
I use Alexa practically everyday.
? Mad love
Does what it is expected to do.
Great improvement in sound quality.
Surprisingly Helpful
Great device, but usability needs inprovment!
HORRIBLE PRODUCT FROM WORSE COMPANY EVER / WONT LET YOU RETURN CRAP ITEM
Awesome new dot!
Sound is clear.
Amazon you did it again this is great
5 STARS!
Unit doesnt hear your requests
Fun to use!
Does Multi Room Music really work with echo dot 3rd gen ??
New Echo Dot
Good but also disappointing
Love my Echo Dot!
My Sixth Dot
Purchase an echo dot
Inexpensive smart assistant
Adding dots to rooms is worth it.
Much much easier better, dump your old one
Uses alot of data
Little package big sound
Lot of room for improvement in the speech recognition system
2 star
Very cool. But you'll need a subscription service to have Alexa play music for you.
Maybe I'm too used to the 2nd gen.
Speech is unclear
Echo three informative, and fun.
Alexa is always listening
Great little device at a very low price
Great product
:)
Kid friendly
Love it
Great Speaker Sound
Love it!
Sound is so muffled
Very easy to set up sounds great works great price is good
Best purchase!
Everything is great but just one thing.
Great Product
Obsessed!
Ok
Great for smart home integration!
A back up for quick 911 help and other phone numbers called
Love the new generation
Two out of three arrived broken!
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is quite a lady.
Elegant but tricky without the User Guide
Pretty Cool!
Morning Cup O' Joe & My Echo Dot
Better than I Expected
This Has Replaced My Phone At Night
I should have bought it long ago
Nice addition to the house!
Amazing Functions, but not so great with Apple Music
it sounds better than the second generation and looks better..
Makes my life much easier with voice command
Sound Quality Much Improved
Gen 3 much improved
Poor job at recognizing various things
Echo Dot, something for everyone
Great product
It is supposed to be easy ... It is not
I love it!
Nice tool that makes our life simpler.
Alexa
Works well, decent speaker.
Like everyone says- Its great!
Not sure how secure this is
Gave it as a gift...
Love it!
Alexa doesn't know anything
Amazon bias in speech recognition?
I love it!  Also If you have any questions call help  1-877-375-9365 they are great !
Love it
Much Improved Sound
i love my alexa products.
Good
Our new Know it All Best Friend
Unless you only want it to buy Amazon?s music , WAIT TO BUY!!
Works great, but too much bass makes it hard to understand Alexa.
Works great!
My family loves Alexa.
Love it!
Helps me feel safe, and plays my choice of music.
Performs beatifully
Alexa love you only 50% of the time
Great even for a 5 year old
Love it
Easy Listening
Many different uses. News, weather, music & more.
Great little device
Echo Stop...
Loud static sounds when at 75-100% volume
3rd gen connection drops often while 2nd gen never drops
Best smart home divise ever
Setting Up Can Be Difficult
A delightful novelty to keep around the house.
So much better sound than the earlier model
New Dot
Best Dot Ever !!!!
Great Sound
Great Sounding for Its Small Size
The sound and volume are great on the new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) .
Heavy on the WOW Factor
New Echo dot 3d gen is of excellent quality responds well and easy to install.
Echo third generation
Hey Alexa!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) with Alexa-Sandstone
Could not love more!
Dot hits the spot
Echo Has a "Prime"ary Problem
Still trying to get the hang of this
Newer dot less capable
Awful speaker quality
answer
All but Perfect
AMUSING
Great product at great price
Good speaker
Great Speaker!!
Echo Dot
Cloth muffles the sound of the speaker.  The microphones are weaker than gen 2 dots.
Alexa is a great tool
Sounds great but had a scratchy glitch I?m monitoring.
How did i live without this for this long?
Not smart speakers at all
Audio is 2X as good as the old one
improved sound
Amber light constantly pulses
Big technology in a small Package!
I was Impressed but...
Nah. Pass
This little speaker surely packs a punch!
Ok for playing music. Might be better if I could figure out how to Bluetooth it to sound system
Looks great but sound is very staticish!
Love
OMG.  We had a blast...
Echo Dot 3rd gen
Had a first generation and this replaced it
MUCH BETTER SPEAKER than the old DOT
Amazing!
Not that well when you talk to not and in of  microphone
Dot family
This thing is great!
meh
Keeps getting better generation by generation
It's good but not good enough
Such an upgrade from the 2nd generation dot.
Flawless setup
Have You Thought of This?
Pretty cool
First Impression.
Almost too good?
New and Improved
Very good!
Wonderful, stupendous, and magical!
Fun accessory.
Go for it. Such an improvement on 2nd generations
Richer Sound
Definitely improved over first two version
Fun intro to home automation
Broken on arrival
Convenience and user friendly
Amazing
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!
Easy and handy
awesome from room to room
Love these!!
Excellent sound
Love it
Great replacement for first gen echo
Definitely an upgrade from the 2nd gen echo dot
Worth the value
Improved sound from the new speaker
Great home companion for the price
Love my new Echo!!
Alexa, 3rD generation worth the wait.
Great but your kids will drive you crazy with it.
Vastly improved over Gen1
Love it: so much better than the 2nd generation
Love it
Decent for the price
Echo Dot --  Good, but Not sure how good yet
Oh... she's good....
Don't know what took me so long to finally get this!
You will have to buy some CDs twice to get them on your Echo
I Love It--But...
We love our Echo Dot(s)
Having fun
So Great I Had To Get A Second Echo!
Life can be a little less stressful with some help at your fingertips.
Looks Bett, Sounds Better
Speaker is the weakest point.
Extremely simple to use, just need to download alexa app to connect it to your wifi.
Christmas gift
Happy I upgraded my 2nd gen
Tiny but mighty!
Good device but it can be more smarter.
smart
Nice
I like it!
Echo Dot (3rd gen)
Gen 3, more than a pretty face!
not worth the loss of the power
Great speaker on this 3rd Gen DOT
Reliable and useful device
Absolutely LOVE it!
One of my best purchases of 2018!
Great device, Alexa is awesome
A magical device
Great digital assistant!
Alexa is part of the family
Hi
Fun With Alexa
Nice look, but sound eeh!
Stopped playing music after 1 months and hasn?t worked since.
Don't waste your money
Not that good
Super easy to set up!
Not as reliable as the 2nd generation..
Like it
Alexa is faster than searching on Google Chrome!
My first Alexa Product = GREAT!
Great sound!
So much fun!
Not bad but a lot of improvements needed
Great little unit for the Sale price.
I love it!
Echo Dot review
Echo dot perfoms as well as the larger Echo family members
Not happy with the device
Huge sound improvement over 2d Gen
Amazing product
Not bad, for the price.
what a gift for my bed bound husband
Great item; first Alexa device
Surprisingly valuable home tool!
Works Like Magic!
Proprietary cord instead of USB :-(
Improved Speaker & Stereo Pairing
Works great.
Packaging a Joke! Was this a prank!!! Amazon is so inconsistent!
So dissatisfied
Favorite
Who doesn?t love an Echo Dot 3 ???
Works pretty well on wall hanger
Arrived as described.
Hard to understand Alexa.
Difficult to set up initially
dot needs dotted
Horrible Sound
Device sound quality horrible after 3 months of use!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Great sound for a little speaker
Somewhat simple to integrate.
What's next Alexa?
Alexa is not very smart but good for music and weather updates
Simple, straight-forward
same as 2nd gen, do not understand my request
Great addition to our home
Don't know what I did without it. Seriously.
Boy have I been missing out
The most useful thing.  I love it!
Wi-fi troubles
Louder! And better design!
My dog ate it
(((Stereo))) Pairing is GR8
Echo dot 3rd gen
Best thing ever!!
my special helper
Set up took forever
Good but...
You know you want one. Get it!
Better than a Bluetooth speaker
For simple questions and music it's nice
I bought one and had to have three more
do you need it
Alexa Suggestion
Super useful and fun
She cannot hear you very well compared to older Generations
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Totally overhauled
Decent sound and affordable.
Easy setup, works as advertised
Great product
Nice improvement!
What is that high cracking tone?
The quality of sound is fantastic
Beyond expectations
Love it!
fits seamlessly into my life
Switched to Alexa from my Google Mini
Who knew Alexa could be so much fun
What great sound!
How did I ever live without this in my life?
Great Improvement Over Gen. 2 Dot
Having fun with Alexa!
Kanye shrug.
Alexa Doesn?t Like Me!
Just added my 2nd Echo Dot
I love this little wired tap ?
I absolutely love it!
LOVE!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Cool tech !!!!!
Needs More Functions
For me it's the  time.
It's good but
Couldn't tell the difference
One fancy pucking device
Overated itrusive and biased device
Great gadget
A long way to go.
Great product!
Know what you're getting
I never thought I'd get one of these things but..
Experiment That Came Out A+
Should have got it sooner
Everyone needs one
Works great
Amazon got me again
Perfect
True Plug & Play
Didn't work for me.
great sound on this 3rd gen model
Works well!
Verry much improved sound quality
2nd one
speaker blew out after less than 3 months
Much better than the earlier Dot
I went from 1 Sonos to 4 echos and no Sonos.
Must be set up with adult account
Is an average Smart speaker/player
Gen 2 was better.
happy with echo
MANY POSSIBILITIES IN A SMALL PACKAGE
Good sound but no Qnap NAS music streaming
Sometimes Scratchy Sounding
Easy to use!
Great for Users New to Echo
Great except she can?t play music
Great for bedrooms!
Best alarm
Love it....
speaker is already blown after only a couple of weeks
Great as an intercom system!
Impressed
Amazing quality, superior sound.
Good product.
amazing product
Hello Alexa
Echo....Not Sure!
My fifth purchase of the Echo Dot 3rd Gen AAA+
Application Critical to Installation
Decent speakers,  Easy to use
works just like 2nd gen, with much better speakers
Love Alexa!!!!!
Love it!
Very impressive
Echo Dot
LOVE THE DOT!
Awesome addition to my home
I love it!
Would buy again
Echo Dot 3rd. Generation
Great product
It just sits there.
Great update to the Dots
Works as Advertized
Great addition to any home.
Pronouncing out
Small but has decent bass for a little smart speaker
Not working properly
Worth every penny
A great household addition
Has a better quality sound than the earlier models
My New Best Friend
Upgrade a must.
My first Echo.  Probably not my last.
thought they don't work changed my opinion
Awesome
It's Alexa, it's awesome!
Gets the kids out of bed.
Surprisingly good sound and mic
Waste of time.
You must try this echo dot
Was ok seems to be getting dumber
Just another revenue stream for Amazon
Echo Dot
Great upgrade from prior version
Favorite Thing!
Always Need Weather Info
If you love the previous Echo?s you must get this new one!
Sound quality is amazing!
Way better than the original dot
I love it!
Pretty cool
ALEXA I hear you
It understan Spanish!
Great if you have small kids
Improved speaker and sound.
Love Alexa and The Echo Dot!
NO APPLE MUSIC
WOW
My new best friend
Solo funciona con energ?a el?ctrica
Echo Dot 3rd generation
Generation 3 definitely better than generation 2 sound-wise at least
PERFECT for the infinitely curious!!
I expected better quality.
Great
Medical Alert Alternative
LOVE IT!
Fun & Entertaining
Alexa
3rd Gen Echo Dot
Odd problems at times
Unless you know a lot about electronics, it is good to have someone to help you set this up.
Better than gen 2, better than Google Home.
?+? button broke after 3 months
Amazing product.
You have to have a Wi-Fi connection
BUY IT!!
She?s fun and helpful
Great for any kind of home!
Becomes Dysfunctional After Two Hours
Won't turn back on or reset. Customer Support is terrible
Needs way too much personal info to setup
I was sceptical about this Alexa thing....
Everyone loves Alexa!!
Why did we wait so long?
Works great!
This old dog is learning new tricks
I'm impressed with the sound quality for such a little unit.
surprisingly nice!!
Happy 15 Year-Old Daughter
Improved over Gen 2.
Less errors when given voice commands.
Very pleased
Alexa is dumb but music cranks
Works great!
Set up with Logitech Harmony Hub remote
Failing After 2 Months
Great devices to put in every room
Overall an awesome and helpful item
3rd gen. dot pros & cons.
Fun to have.
Great sound for such a small device.
This is pretty cool
Nice to have in our bedroom
Alexa is the best imaginary friend, who obeys your commands...lol!!
Echo 3 great purchase and value
Convenience ?Priceless
Improved over 2nd Gen Dot
great little gizmo
Better Than Expected!
Big features and big sound from a small, attractive, and 'smart' device
Sound quality is a vast improvement over 1st gen.
Excellent
Not bad upgrade, but a bit too much bass
Alexa cant learn my voice
My new little friend has many talents.
Security and Good background music
Alexa great while in the kitchen
Works Great
45 Watts required. No USB Power
SORTING TO DO LIST
Cannot say enough of how much I LOVE Alexa and Echo dot!
so easy to use and kids/adults LOVE
Love It
Surrounded By Music!
Echo Dot (Gen 3) easy to set up and works as advertized.
Confused
Great sound quality ??
Great device. Love having it. We have 4.
Very cool highly recommend
One Downfall
I have never seen....ridiculous...
Way louder than Gen 2 Dot but has some quirks
Great value/ This is the Gen2 it has a built in speaker not like Gen1
Christmas Gift... Still Working with it
Work well.
Awesome sound quality and built like a tank.
Sound quality improved
Prettier, but worse sound quality from gen 2
Alexa Hard at work example Video
Great upgraded sound!
Great little device
LOVE MY ALEXA DOT!!!
I love my Echo 3!!!
Adds to the house
Great product to have in home
Update process is unexpected and affects speaker performance
The Right Gear!
Best Dot yet!
Great little devise
Great technology addition!
Echo Dot - Partially successful.
wonderful addition
Love the upgrade
Don't waste your money
It is not power Wireless!!
It works as espected..... and more
Alexa and Echo, Our new toys
Easy Set Up!
Amazon could do better
Best Echo Dot yet!
Great In Home Resource
Echo Dot's Alexa is the best
absolute fun!
Filled my home with these, dumped my google home.
What a wonderful gift this was!
Good Deal
Love this thing!
Good sound quality for small device!
Very enjoyable and great item to Have .
Works good, too much bass
Me Like
better than I thought
So Far So Good
Huge bummer
This thing is awesome!!
Much much better sound
It may sound better for music, but Alexa's voice is not nearly as clear.
Great!!
Alexa: Write this review for me
Great Product- POOR packaging
Good for my office
Sound is so much better!! Must get!
Way better than previous generations
Price is great so we upgraded G2 to this G3
Love the echo
Awesome sound quality
Simple and convenient
Love it
There is no plan if you want just two streams.
For a senior Alexa Dot is great
NOT AS SMART AS SHE SEEMS
Helpful and Easy to Use
Thank you to whomever create this
Perfect
Incredible sound!
Microphone issue.
Alexa is really helpful but be ready to purchase add-ons for extras
Not necessary, but very cool.
Very good sound for such a small speaker
Time for another Amazon device in the house
Compact, convenient and works great!
Good price for quality
They SUCK when paired with another Alexa device.
Make my Life Easier !
Wow!
Love my echo's
Efficient and fast.
Love the 3rd Gen
Great Sound Quality
Hmmmm
Location, Location
Response is better than husband and grandkids!
Great Size
Love! We have several
Junk
Works Great for Me
Need one for every room!
Big improvements on sound, mics and looks (design) ..!
Easy and helpful
Works Good
We all love it!
Mystery Caller
Apple Music Quit Working and It?s Been Weeks
Satisfied Customer!!!
Was coming from China
really fun
Hard to learn how to use
Even the teens like it
Great sound!
Better and getting bigger ..
WOW...Cool!
Good
Amazing sound improvement!!!
Alexa knows
BETTER!
Nice Toy
Love this!
Get the 3rd generation
Great Design
Alexa is like
Amazing in the begining but not for long...
A necessary and noticeable improvement!
The sound is amazing!
Great Upgrade!!
Love Alexa
Great device for Xbox One!
Wow!
Alexa is actually pretty cool
Surprisingly nice
Mic weaker than Gen.1?
Sound quality is amazing.  Best $29 I ever spent!
Love it
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Cool device
Amazing! Small and Mighty!
Fun and helpful!
Really like it but wall mount seems expensive
way better than old design
Fun to have but have concerns about privacy
LOVE THE PRODUCT BEEN HAVING FUN WITH IT.
Very helpful and useful product
Best Echo Dot (3rd Gen) Yet
Don?t like
Echo > Google Home
NO GOOGLE SEARCH INFO WITH ECHO DOT
You don't need a smart phone app to set this up.
Sounds great!
Echo Dot Rocks
Compact and easy!
I really like this
Somehow they keep improving this small item. It?s unbelievable.
These are Amazing
Wonderful
Bluethooth doesn?t work- drops WiFi
Purchased as an Emergency Contact Device - is SO MUCH MORE
Get One
Good price, good functions.
Great!
Cool product but both returned for being broken
Very nice upgrade!
Great Device - Lousy APP
Color convert
Much Improved!
Alexa is awesome!!
The Echo Dot is well worth the money.
Surprisingly Better than expected
I love my echo!
Still waiting on it to get smarter
A must have!
Bluetooth pair of iPad/iPhone volume is a fail.
Top notch quality and fundamentally satisfying!!
You have to get the right app.
Not worth the upgrade
A great way to start my day
How did I get along without this ?
Liked it while it worked.
Sometimes it just shuts off but not sure if it?s the device or my internet.
Welcome Home Alexa!
Great sound quality for such a small size
Popular Gift at the Annual 'Favortie Things' party!
Please dont waste your money on this
The soung quality sucks. Pay more for the one with Boze speakers.
Nice cheap extra speakers
Alexa Does So Many Tasks That Make Life Easier and Fun
Love them
Great sound for music lovers
Son satisfied
It?s a kitchen?s little helper
Nice improvement
Improved sound over 2nd Gen Echo Dot
works good
Bad Microphone
Useful & fun to use!
Love the sound and design
Great, but it is hard to wake it up.
trouble
Excellent
Louder than I expected! Glad they added it!
No USB Power
Echo, call 911
Impressive knowledge base!
Even old timers can learn from Alexa
Outstanding!!!
Best one yet
The perfect item that I didn?t know I badly needed!
A great upgrade to the old Dot!
It is easy to set up up and to use
Convenient
Convenient smaller size
It Works AsAdvertised
Great device!
Great addition to my sewing room
Fairly good most of the time.
Pretty cool
The more you have, the more problems you run into
Feels more like a beta product
Shes not perfect but who is...
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!
Getting better
New is not always better
limited searching for songs, returns one choice when playing a title
Second Echo too difficult to hook-up in another room
You have to speak loud and the blue light goes away fast.
Easy setup - nice speaker sound
great sounding
For the price we paid, $30.00, it's well worth it.
Speaker crackles after a few months
Great sound for such a little speaker
Perfect for Dorm
Actually listenable for a stand alone music device.
Great Device with Cute Design
Compact with great sound
Sounds better?
Alexa Changed my Life
Best Echo Dot Ever!
Best Echo dot ever!
Watch for sale and grab them up
Perfect addition
Overall very happy with it
Great Item
Echo 3rd Gen
wonderful sound!
Very nice
Works Great!
Love ! ?
Love the 3rd Gen Units - but no USB is a bad move!
Great Smart Speaker
Does what I want
Sound quality is SO MUCH better than the 2nd Gen product
Bigger than old Echo but just as functional!
Junk you have to scream at it to hear you
Sounds and looks great
Great update from 2nd generation!
Love the Echo Dot 3rd generation
New & Improved over 2nd Gen
Dot Yes!
Amazing Technology
It has a little deeper sound than the 2nd gen Dot
AWESOME!!!!!
Love my Echo Dot
Cool device, learning new things every day
Just another gadget!
Best Echo I've had so far
Easy to Use
Good speaker!
Privacy Issues
Too much base, not as clear as earlier versions
Just buy it for yourself or for friend or friends as a gift.
Awesome
Major improvement in sound quality
Terrible customer service
loving my echo dot
Love this!
Great Introduction to Becoming a Smart Home
3rd Gen Echo Dot is HARD OF HEARING and SLOW TO RESPOND
Enjoyable to use, but musical sound quality disappointing
Great while it works
Better then last gen
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
What's the point
A.I. still has a ways to go.
UGH wanted to love it
So far so fun
Bad product & bad experience
Miss the USB power cord
Cool device!
Changed my listening habits. Can listen anywhere!
Could never get it to stay on the internet- avoid it !
This is both fun and useful
news round the world special news of U.S.A.
Much Better Sound, Holds its Own as a Speaker
Love a Dot......
Make your life easier!
Looks more appealing than the previous models
Great buys, have 4, will be buying more
ECHO DOT IS AMAZING!!!!
Love it
TOO MUCH VERIFICATION!!!
Versatility
echo
Piece of Crap
Great product but shipping takes a long time!
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Setting up a second Echo is easy compared to the first one.
Improved home routines for my family
Great Value for the price
Echo Dot is very nice
Great Update to an Awesome Product
Love my robotic DJ!
Quite simply, I love it
Every time the power goes out, this thing SUCKS!!!!
great for the most part
Very useful
Alexa Echo Dot is awesome!
Affordable and amazing!
Very easy to use.
SUPER GOOD SOUND QUALITY.  PERFECT FOR ENJOYING MUSIC!!
Much improved sound
Why didn't I buy one before?
Very fun tool!
I love the Dot
Good device - bad decision to change the power source.
You will love this device.
New world has opened
Excellent
Love it!
She seems good to have around the house.
Not pleased, like gen 2 better.
Great buy!
Sound is definately better
Alexa is a great addition to our family!!!
Less microphones vs better audio trade in
Echo Dot better than Google Home Mini
Is anybody listening????
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
The sound is better than I expected from such a small item
Worked as expected
Wonderful
Alexa?
?Whisper mode? could be better
Good for every age group
BOOM, BAM, AMAZING
Great Starting Smart Home Product!
easy to set up, very helpful
Sounds great! Even for a little dot it?s pretty awesome!
It works ... but music is very limited.
Does most things
You must have Amazon Family Music
Our new addiction!
Didn't work
great product!
Has great upgrade potential
It?s a great little product and can do so much
I like it, may end up getting a regular Echo
Power adapter no good!!!!!
Fits nicely into small areas
Love this little thing!
Significant sound improvement over the already great v.2
Great improvement in sound over 2nd Gen Dot
Love this Dot
Great product
Works
Smart home made easy
Fun to use!
Attractive, better sound
Great for no fuss, no muss interactions
Pretty cool
Can?t use usb plug anymore, but nice quality sound
Great sound from the speaker
Little speaker with a big punch
Alexa is great.
Compact size, awesome sound
I like the second generation model better
Great Upgrade!
Easy and convenient
Good value
Improved sound quality
Smart home done right!
Won?t connect to WiFi
4 Year old ordered himself and Echo
Don't try to make this work with a ring doorbell
Great Device
Volume Much Louder than Dot 2
My 3rd Dot (3rd Gen) that is defective
Gorgeous design, maybe not as responsive.
BEWARE: Amazon randomly selects devices and LISTENS to your conversations
WOW
Like HAL 3000 if he smoked weed
Alexa Still A Work In Progress
Amazing sound 100 times better than Gen-2
No one needs this product
Watch what you say
Amazed
Excellent Sound Quality
Great
Product is Quick, Efficient and Easy to Use.
sound much better than the 2 gen.
That new speaker thoooo! :D
Fun and useful!
Static noise while listening to music
Still need to yell over music
No internal battery, still pretty awesome
The hockey puck with pluck has matured, and for the better
my new friend
Great little box but will not work with iTunes
In LOVE WITH ECHO!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
I love my echo dot!
don?t waste your money
Great product!
First One
Smart speaker
Less sound sensitive
This things got great sound.
Garbage
Love this!
much better sound
I DID NOT WANT TO GET THIS
My favorite echo so far
BEST GIFT EVER!!!
Is Generation 3 worth it?
Amazon Alexa is awesome
My second Echo Dot
Big upgrade!
Love it
Convenient and cute
A Step Up
Sleek and loud!
How I feel towards the product
Should I buy Echo Dot 3rd?
Multiple benefits
great value
2nd Unit
product is fine
Amazing!
DO NOT BUY INTELL THEY FIX APP
This thing listens and hears better than my partner!
Better than I ever thought
Great in function, loud! ..but mediocre sound quality.
I Love this Dot
Ok Product
Versatile Assistant
Does what is says - litterally
Always works great, now looks nice as well
The best dot made
Alexa Echo Dot is amazing.
Live and learn.
Great sound!
Nice and convenient
Wow
A go-to friend in the house!
I should have waited for these
Echo Dot 3rd Gen harder to use with proprietary plug
clear and distinct speaking
Excellent sound quality
My 1st and only Echo Dot...
My new friend Alexa
Not worth the price or real estate it will consume.
Louder but can?t hear very well
Great little thing.
Slow response time
Muffled sound is irritating
Powerful little Dot! Best one yet!
Echo Dot NO ENTREGADO
Wonderful Gadget!
Took a minute to set up
Neat
MUCH better than gen2
I LOVE this
Great improvement over Gen 2
A Dot that exceeds all expectations
Love it
Don?t wait, buy one
Not a USB power cord!!??? Really!
Amazing upgrade from the 2nd gen!
The sound is awesome.
Works like other dots
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Great Sound Edition
Slow and needs sound improvements
You have to subscribe to Amazon Music to be able to listen to a lot of songs
Alexa, always say her name first ? !
Excellent
Big step up from previous version.
It turned on.
Easy to Use & Way Cool!
Nice upgrade to the old Dot!
Great Sound from a Small Speaker
Awesome
Small size, but retains original Echo performance - love it!
Oh Alexa!!
Not a fan
Great way to use Alexa.
It is interesting. I love it. entertaining, informtive, Answers most questions. Very good sound
You need this
Love it!
Want to know the weather, or how to spell a word, or a reminder for an important event?
Alexa is the smartest 3rd grader ever!!
Should be a smart set up
Works like full-sized
Difficult Setup, Decent Product.
Awesome Robot product!
New Dot is better than old dot
Love my Echo Dot!
She's always listening, unlike my kids!
Welcome To The 21st Century!
Interesting product
Get Answers to Almost Anything
PERFECT.
Great sound, had to buy a second Dot for stereo
A better Alexa
Much better sound!
Fun and practical
Sound is great and looks good.
Great little companion
Pleasantly surprised!
No more yelling up the stairs for the kids!
Much better sound
It a great buy
At least understand what I am saying
Echo Dot 3rd Gen AWESOME!!!!!!
THIS IS MAGIC
Improvement from 2nd Gen
Another Alexa unit for the Drum Cave PA system
Came early and works great! Until it doesn?t....
Another Outstanding Echo Product
Small footprint, big techie device
Gotta try it
Definitely better sound then the 2ng gen!
Works Perfectly!
My new Echo
Improved Sound
An amazing addition to the house
Good with few limitations
for 30$ a MUST HAVE ! if you like music
Not impressed
Echo Dot
makes you want more
Definitely worth upgrading
A MUST BUY! My Fav at the moment!
Embrace technology  even if you are 67!
Staple
Best gift idea for myself ever!!!!
Love this little lady!
Why is this happening!
Easy Installation
A great update form the original echo dot
Great speaker for use with Alexa in every room
Definitely Better!
No issues so far
So far we are happy
Great device 1 down fall
Beyond happy!
Very Convenient After Set-Up
Extremely difficult to setup.
Waiting for update to wake word response
Much better than previous Gen
Christmas Gift - Love It
No headline
Substantial improvement in audio quality and speed of response.
She's great!
Love all the features
Amazing device!
Great gift for a techie or new home owner
Make it so u can use on line or off line
With every penny if they'd maintain the same pricing!
Alexa, a household essential
looks nice
good resource at hand
Give it a try-well worth it!
Overall, it?s a great product.
Dots
Handy but not great sound
Easy set up and awesome skills, aka apps within Alexa app!
Gen 3 Dot is pretty awesome.
Echo 2 vs 3
Love my Echo Dot
Great Echo Dot
Convenient
Speaker is already blown after 1-month
easy set up
Hello Alexa!
Works with my Echo
why are you buying this
Small device beautiful sound
It's OK
Unresponsive and extremly annoying
I love her (yes she is a member of the family now!)
Nice device for a first time user
Love this!
It works
Packs a lot of sound in a small space.
You need a good wifi connection
Assistant Assits
Disappointed
The sound is so much better!!
What an improvement
Best echo dot yet, sound just keeps improving!
Sounds MUCH better than the previous generation dots.
Light glitches a lot
Much better sound
Love the 3rd generation, great sound
great sound!!
How to spoil your wife.
Great Purchase
I absolutely love it
Not Very Happy
The sound!
Loud and quality sound, way better than 2nd gen
Bought for the kids
Device of the future.
Can?t connect to hotel WiFi?s
Way cool!
Nice Organizer
Great for Gifting
Addictive
Great sound and looks great
Love the Echo Dot..but....
Pretty cool device
Echo Dot is Hot!
What's not to love?
LOVE MY DOT
It was a gift.
Alexa is not all she's cracked up to be!
Handy to have, not pleasant for music.
Why didn?t I buy this sooner??
Excellent sound, easy setup. Vast improvement over previous dot.
know someone who has one
So easy to setup and use!
Echo Dot Delivers
Fab!
Love her!
Good product
Commands, choices and sound
LOVE!!!
Love this device
Better sound
Very very happy
Works great
THIS IS A GIFT
So useful
Speakers sound a lot better then second gen and like the design overall.
Alexa Echo Dot
Works great
The best dot
great sound quality
Wish I could return for the 2nd Gen
Easy to set up, easy to use
My son's favorite
Well Tuned Devise
What she does not know
Some minor issue
better than my echo V2
No issues thus far
Cool beta product - no more, no less
Connects to Public Radio
Very sleek and Innovative AI
Excellent product- recommended
Echo 3
Won?t stay connected
What Fun!
Change the activation word, they have four to choose from
Bad design
I love this .
These things are CRAZY useful.
On demand music is my love
Good sound for a little speaker
Set up was a pain
Easy to install and set up & Very Functional
This is an awesome item at a great price!
Nice loud sound
Doesn?t hear you correctly
Awesome and a little reluctant at first...
Amazon Does it Again
Sucks!
Love that I can listen to my Audible books anywhere
Dot 3rd Gen in Comparison to Echo 2nd Gen
Great Device, Sandstone
Great sound and easy to use!
Mind blown
Easy setup. Clarity and power of the speaker.
I now have multiple Alexa and I throughly enjoy having more than one.
Could not tell any improvement over Gen 2
I LOVE IT!!
Great addition!
wonderful
OK - I'm offically impressed
Great addition
Louder & smoother sounding than older echo!
Compact, Informative and Useful!
Better than 2nd gen., but not worth updating to
Great Device
Impressive Speaker for the price
Versatile, good for all ages
Great upgrade!
Love it!!
Sound quality
I just needed a bluetooth speaker
New 3rd Gen Echo Dot is really quite nice!
Amazing
Life changing!
Cannot use aux without setting up device
fun to have a second one
Surprised and impressed
nice!  wish it was a bit more intuitive.
Alexa!
Syncing  2 Echo units in one house
Has stereo jack
Amazing just wish it was louder
I love it
Love My Dot!
Love!
Great little product
Very useful, sound quality is good
Pointless if skills can?t be added to routines
Voice commands to Alexa is a great feature- especially in emergencies
Little Dot Works Well!
Handy little dot
Perfect Christmas Present!
Echo Dot is Great!
night and day from gen 2
Much better speaker than 1st generation
A nice upgrade from the previous generation.
My favorite echo uses
I like it
I like it
Alexa can do almost anything
Great sound for a small speaker
Don?t buy the dots as they are unreliable.
Works well for us
Looks great but falls short.
It is a smart speaker and listens to you..
Echo dots are so great
very cool gadget
Powerful tool that makes life easier.
Great item especially for the price!
Speaker Blown
Audio is better than expected
With the upgrade
Great value.
So much in a small package
Love it!
Alexa does not listen
More useful than I expected, world?s greatest kitchen timer
Nice product, but...
Great alarm clock
Privacy
Best Dot Yet
Great New Dot!
Amazon Dot and Alexa are great!
Great sound quality, louder!
Much better sound and an excellent price!
Great technology to have!
Simply awesome
Fun convenience
Buy for Alexa not the speaker
Great improvements from the 1st and 2nd gen
Beautiful sound and look
Want more!
Does not accept commands when it?s asked to stop
Easy to Use.
Still Latency issues.
Not what I expected
Easily out of eye sight.
Nice one, yet could remove restrictions
A very versatile product!
They have way better sound
Got one for Christmas . . .
Excellent Amazon tool
Works great, plenty of volume
Sounds great and easy to use!
Better Than Gen 2 But Read Reviews
Disappointed
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Well, 3rd gen is louder...
Has never worked quite right
Potential pre registration set-up issue
Good upgrade from gen 2
Alexa?s a hoot
More than worth the price
They link together to play in stereo through the house.
Works beautifully!
Better sound quality!
Buy it on sale
Amazon has no solution to this problem
Works Great
Love it!
Sound is muffled, too much bass.
5 Stars!
Great echo dot!
Great product.
Big step up from gen1
Not great at synchronization
makes my dog go into a panic
I?m in love with this thing!!
it's very good for the price.
Perfect for my 85 year old mother
Fun and useful.
So improved!
Coolest little thing...
Great product for a Great price....
Great gift!
Love it..
New Echo 3rd Generation
Love it!
Alexa is awesome.
Pretty cool Gadget it's basically like having your own personal assistant
A terrific  accessory for home
You Are Being Spied On!
The sound system is better
Love my dot... Think the wife is Jelous.
Worth it!
Very nice.
Buy it!!!
echo - make my day!
Grandma loves it, too difficult for ludite though.
First impression is this could be good.
Great sound, but needs better AI and more wake-up phrases.
No major complaints.
It?s okay
Love!!!!
Easy to install
Works Great
Random turning on with static noise
More fun than I expected
Worth upgrading from the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Much better than gen 2.
Better... but not by much
Convenient and Easy to use
Demon?
Terrible sound quality
She's great Company!
Same Echo, smaller package
Crazy New Family Member
Nice Alexa Accessory
Much improved sound!
Easy to install, great assistant
Alexa, hehehe. Glad she cannot submit feedback on me
Not a necessity
These have great sound compared to the older units.
Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Generation a must Have!
Ok!
More infuriating than helpful
stupid f shit  cant play radio.com had to f with it dumass
Just Scratching the Surface!
FUN!
3rd Generation Dot is Amazing
Piece of Art
#voicefirst is the big trend
It Works!
MY FIRST ECHO DEVICE
All I Had Hoped For
So excited and love it!
Not bad
Nice product.
Amazing Sound
Echo dot
Not responsive - locks up?
Nice upgrade in volume from Gen 1
Las restricciones geogr?ficas son absurdas
She listens??
I don?t see any improvement over 2nd gen.
Well worth the $25 I paid for it.
Echo is so convenient and helpful
Speaker isn?t sounding right
Great device.
Echo Dot Invasion!!
Amazon made it even better
Wonder product
Small device, big sound.
DON'T BUY ECHO DEVICES
Echo dot works great with Alexa & smart accessories
Disconnect Nightmare
Impressed.
Instant Gratification!
The many benefits of Echo Dot
Great for on-demand music
Very happy with sound and functionality
Killer to Google Chrome
Great Little Dot
Just as described in the reviews
It's a convenience I didn't know I was missing...
Good product but beware of privacy issues
Good sound quality for voice, distorted for music.
Great product
Pure entertainment
What a difference!
Useful
This was a steal!
Must have for everyone
Not compatible with new Samsung TV
LOVE MY ECHO DOT!
Static
Work good
Easy Set-Up Nice Sound
Excellent routine features!!!
Easy listening and quick add to lists that are than accessible on phone.
It can link to so much stuff around the house!
Very helpful device
Greatest Gadget i own
Alexa Makes Us Smile
Sound improvement is big!
Why did I wait so long!
Fun for whole family
Sometimes my phone will connect to this randomly
nice but could improve,CONTACT ME MAKERS
Truly surprising sound
It?s ok
Echo Dot/Alexa continues to improve
Great little communication device
Love Alexa!
The sound improvement is worth every penny
A very significant upgrade in sound vs the Echo dot 2.
You will get spoiled with Alexa
This is not an intelligent device, Alexa is stupid!  A glorified ?clapper? from the 1980?s
Great sound but different AC adapter than previous model
I really love these products!!!!
Can?t believe amazon make it.
Great sound and good product
Nice to be able to expand the coverage of Alexa.
Echo dot 3rd Gen
love it
The sound is good and it is convenient.
Speak clearly
Worth the hype
Alexa all day
Works fine
This is my 3rd Echo Dot
Great improvement in sound
No problems
Why I/we love Alexa.
The audio great for a small product
2nd one worked
My new friend!
Awesome product!
Love it!
4 stars
It?s like have the size of the dot with the sound of the full sized unit
Much improved over the already great gen 2!
All-new Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
So so
This little thing gets loud!
Great next gen
people ought to stop refering to non americans they dont understand english
Easy to set up
Was skeptical at first and now that I've been using it I love it!
It helps me sleep
Love the improvement on the quality of sound
Shes a dandy!
Great add on device would recommend
Nice sound improvement over the gen2
Easy to set up and use.
I love my little wiretap
Works well
The best yet...
Great sound!!
Great Device
Super Easy Set Up
Not to sure about this thing....
I thought i needed the app on my computer to set it up.
Our New Intercom
You can make a call without your cell being in the same room
Tons better than old version
arrived on time
Surprising Audio
Don?t bother, go with a better model
Newr and Improved
great sound
Love my gift
Very handy little device
Alexa on acoustic steroids!!!
Well...  Hmmm...
Bought 3 units, 2 out of 3 are defective - different defects with each
A couple of issues
Love this device.
Convenient and awesome
Super healful abs can?t wait to use it with other smart devices
ALEXA,,,,,,,,,,,, PLAY 80s R&B,,,, EVERYWHERE... ?
good product
Dramatically improved sound!
Better speaker
Very good sound quality
Apple Music on the echo?
Works great! Shipped quickly and safely.
I like it!
Love the sound
Hits the Spot with the Dot!
She's Great!
A great product for anywhere in the house.
Absolutely lovely
Alexa Dot
Should be able to set up app on a kindle book that has WiFi from amazon to purchase books
Great help...
Good sound
Love it!
Buy if you like repeating yourself.
Get the google home mini if you want to use it for a lot of smart devices.
Great for music, weather, alarms, traffic and general info.
good price
The speaker sounds great!!!!
This version of the Echo Dot is much louder
My second Alexa
works great!
Highly recommend
My Husband
Would buy again
Attractive and easy to use digital assistant
Fun and very handy.
Just love Alexa!!!
Works wonderfully.
It?s entertaining
Returned.
Our family is liking Alexa
Amazing sound! Made with high quality all the way
3 y.o. decides he knows tech enough to use the Echo Dot.
Very good product!
Fun with Echo Dot
Too convenient. I'm spoiled.
Much Better than 2nd Gen
Great gift for the older gen and for all
If you?ve been resisting this product? it?s okay to buy it now. You?ll be thrilled.
Waste of money
My Bet was on Alexa, but Google is better
She's always there
This is awesome
I'm enjoying it
Wonderful alexa
This little dot has terrific sound
Alexa's voice sounds muddled/to bassy not good
Frustrating for me.
Easy!
A handy little tool
Not really better than previous models
Campus Wifi Connectivity issues and Sound Quality
With your Alexa app you can turn your lights on at night before you even enter your home.
Love love love this new version - great addition to my house ? music in almost every room! ?
Speaker Blown with Modest Use within 90 days
Works well with speakers.....
I do not like the way my package was delivered!
Kind of a novelty but I like it
Excellent!
Love my echo dots
Love it!
We love our Echo dot
A little glitch but easy fix
Heavy Hockey Pucks with Good Sound
Echo starts my day.
Easy setup. Lots of uses!
I wouldn't buy again.
Better than 2nd Gen Dots!
She is incredeble
The mic and sound are a lot better then 2nd Gen.
Echo makes it easy!
Great product.
No search engine
So useful for you & your family!
Love, love it!
Seems as good as the old one, but inexplicably uses a special plug
Vast improvement over the Gen 2
This thing sounds great
The person who didn?t want it is using it all the time
Easy to use
Great sound
Best thing ever
Fun!
A Cool thing to have!
NEAT
Worth it!!
Love it!
Great!
Fun device too have, and informational
Good audio, Good microphones, Recommended
Very useful device!
Great ? speaker
You've just got to get one or two or...
Great product
Looks and works well.
Great Device
Great but is it worth the extra money over the gen 2
More powerful speaker
It's wonderful
So handy!
Great speaker for music quality, but at the expense of voice quality.
Another gadget.
So much fun.
Alexa
Great product
I enjoy this so far!
Convenient but Sound quality just OK
Lots of help from Alexa. Really enjoying this, need another and some smart plugs
small, loud and badass
A vast improvement.
Next Generation
Muffled Audio.
Improved sound quality.
New & Improved!
love it and hate it
No worse, no better
Disappointed
Hard of hearing
Love It!
Received it for renewing my XM subscription
Noticeable improvement
good deal
The 3rd generation Alexa Echo has a better ?quality? sound
My dot has hiccups
Alexis is notional
Great little speaker
Go for the one that has a screen
Performance is amazing
Best Echo Dot Ever
Maybe in 10 years it will be functional
It works as advertised. No gimmicks that I?ve found yet. Love it.
Doesn't work.
This is a must have in every room in the house.
Sounds great
She has a lisp sometimes
The perfect gift
Amazing product
3rd Gen Echo-Dot
Why did I wait so long!
muffled sound
Awesome. This one gets????????????
It's like having a personal assistant at our beck and call.
not happy with " I don't know"
The Speaker of Death
Great!!
Disappointing
Definitely better sound
Not very smart...
E go dor 3rd generation - Alexa
I think the sound is a little better then the 2nd gen
Great sound quality
Revolutionary!
It?s great!
Not dependable.
Great sound, honestly an amazing value for a smart speaker.
Personal Secretary
Great sound!
Love my dot!
You almost had me!
She needs actually useful baseline skills.  A raspberry pi half the size does more
Better than sliced bread
I never knew just how much I needed alexa in my life!
Great Product highly recommend
Perfect
Great sound quality
Working fine so far.
Returning
Love it!
Just scratching the surface
Works great
Love it!
We love Alexa
I love Alexa
Great sound and like the new look
So easy!
excellent sound quality
Great
Love, love , love it
Good sound quality.
Great, little gadget
Good for a small space
Bought as a gift!
I like my Echos!
Ehhh?
Alexa is maybe schizophrenic and hears voices...
small yet effective
better sound
Love these...
Better than original by far
Good gift for the person who has almost everything.
Amazing product from Amazon
Nice Upgrade From Prior Versions
Was a little hard to set up
Perfect for the bedroom.
Incredible device at an incredible price point
Great upgrade!
If you have the option, pass.
Same story, better speaker
Who cares about privacy, Alexa does everything!
Great speaker setup
Great gift for the family.
Great new addition to the Echo Dot line
Could be better
It?s louder.
Great sound
Great quality for a great price!
Very happy with purchase!
Gen 3 ECHO is Awesome
If you ever wanted an Alexa, you waited long enough!
Above Average Assistant, Below Averege Speaker
Love it!
Alexa is NOT ready....
Great, until the sound begins to distort
Keeps disconnecting from Wi-Fi
I keep wanting to say "Thank you, Alexa"
GREAT DEVICE
Great home addition. Way better than a bluetooth speaker.
Very useful
great sound
Better than what was already great
Easy setup and great sound!
Good speakers
LOVE IT, bigger sound.
Love ? love and is very helpful for me.
Love it!!
It's ok. good for music
Works great
Enhanced Sound and a Lot More!
Works great.  But who needs it?
Wonderful
Great for information and music
Love my Echo
Great sound.  Way better than Gen 1 Dot
Definitely a game changer!
Great Improvements in 3rd Gen
Mixed sentiments
Dot Echo
External speakers
Solid improvement!
Next toy tech in my life!
Alexa is so cool. She can do so many things
Would buy again
In Love
Handy Product!
Better speaker, but worse performance compared to 2nd gen
Smaller Echo, Same Great Features
Love it
Great gadget
6 days later prime.
The sound is excellant
Just buy the 2nd gen!
Alexa is better
Fun
Average
Fabulous Speaker for its compact size.
Works great
Echo dot 3rd version a winner!
Better sound, worse hearing
Color options make it a most have.
best investment i have made all year
It sucks
Very impressed
Best speaker I?ve had
Alarm snooze does not work!  What the heck?
Fantastic home tool.
Works/Soinds Good
I bought two
Great upgrade
I'm enjoying it.
Life changing!
Great product
Greatly improved sound quality
Its Hard of hearing
VERY COOL
Great product, sound can be a little iffy every once in a while.
Nice backup to the Spot
Just not up to snuff compared to the Google HomeMini
Love the new style!
Good price and full featured.
Stopped working i
Works well
Happy w Alexa
I'd like one for every room in my house!
Still a man?s world
A good start but not ready for market yet
Absolutely love the 3rd generation dot
Alexa is so much fun.
Kind of cool
Not worth it
Received as a gift!
Markedly improved sound quality
She knows her stuff!
Love it
Pass your old Echo Dots to a friend.
Echo Fot 3rd Gen is a winner
Alexa. .where have you been all my life?
Sound System Fails after appx 2 months of use
Great deal for a helpful device, love it!
I purchased this to listen to tune in at night. It is great for that and more!
Works great
It?s listening.
easy setup
Muffled sound - Disappointed
Obsessed!
Much louder than 2nd gen!!!!
Echo drop in doesn?t work on all 3 echo dots I purchased
Nice little speaker
MUCH better than Gen 2
Great Upgrade
The sound is pretty good
Great sound, but a bit awkward on the sensitivity
I'm glad I didn't pay for it
Talked Quebecois !!
Great new features
Great device.
Obsessed with it!
Hurray Alexa
Perfect purchase for anyone
LOVE IT
Love alexa
It?s Awesome!
Alexa TiVo and plex
works perfectly other than the occasional static
Do Your Homework first
It can do more than you expect!
Absolutely brilliant
Not as good as the 2nd gen
My dad loved it
Excellent product
Much better than the original dot!
My Mom loved this gift
Handy addition to the family
Better speaker than original
This this is awesome...
Review all information
Not real easy to use. Didn't see a need
Terrible
Amazing sound from a small device
New best friend, Alexa!!!
Better sound ??
Gen 2 has a better reliability
Sounds good,  Perfect for in the bedroom.
My first product with Alexa
3rd gen Echo dot is great!
Great purches! Can't wait to add the sub to my collection!
Good quality, good sound
Best purchase ever
Audio is SO much better than 2nd gen
Helpful little thing ain?t she?
Loving our Echo.
Useful
Better quality and sound.
I love it!
Great sound
Sound is greatly improved over its predecessor!
Amazing
Love this next generation model of Echo Dot - Speaker is awesome
A Gem!
Echo Fun - Excellent Sound!
Sent wrong color, but perfect other than that.
what I expected
Echo Dot 3gen
Our New BFF
Thank you.
Great Sound
Nice gadget, but..
Cool and convenient
Awesome!
Super fast shipping
Definitely worth owning
Multi purposeful product.
have one, gifted 3 Alexas
The perfect device every home should have!
Life Changing Device
Solid choice
The sound quality...
Sound is muddy
Echo Dot Review
Cannot use with Apple Music on IPhone
Music Butler
Works exactly as described
A must have!
Excelente Asistente
it doesn't give you what you requested for.
Love Question of The Day
Very Useful!
This is a really fun item to have in your kitchen or anywhere!
Cheap Way to Add Alexa, Sound Quality is Lacking
Love the sound upgrade
Love the Dot!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Works well with others
Not many accessories for it.
This present made me famous with family
Has a learning curve to know how to ask for things
It?s fun!
Not that helpful
Echo dots
Disappointing
Great tech toy....
Amazing product
Best purchase in 2018
Makes my life so much easier
Had little trouble setting up. But my tech friend from Puerto Rico had no problem.
Very cool
Good for small rooms
The most useful gift I?ve received in a long time!
Much better looking than older models and just as functional as larger models.
Amazing!
This technology still amazes me!
Works well, as expected
Such a great gift!
Baby Alexa
Great for kids and homework!!
This thing is impressive.
Wow!
Very cool technology
Amazing Sound
Teen grandkids love it!
Like the new look
Great Deal, Great Poduct
A great thing even better
The best modern home assistant.
Very good for Echo low price point
The best!
Wow
Iheart radio never opens
Won't stay connected to the internet
Like second gen better!
easy to use
Incredibly versatile
Helps with the little things
Great sound of a little round speaker.
Sounds fantastic!
Love the upgrades
Alexa is the best!
Easy to use and great sound quality!
We love it so far
Best Echo for a small room
Works good
There is an app required to optimize this gadget
What an improvement
Its small and cute
So convenient
useful
Apps within apps smh and nothing really free
nice!
Works as described.
WOW
I thought it was a little better than it is!
Great speaker on its own
Echo Dot does the trick.
Major sound experience upgrade
Unbelievable sound.
Echo Dots
Louder speakers but poor hearing
Great bass on the sound, much better than the old echo dot
I love my Amazon Dot
Love It!!!!!!
Do NOT recommend!
MY NEW TECH HABIT
Alex is great anywhere in the house.
Wow 3rd gen blows away earlier models
Alexa is the best thing since popcorn
Meet the Jetsons, sort of.
Very easy to setup and connect to smart light bulbs
Surprisingly good sound
Life changing
Works great anywhere!
this does all kinds of things
Easy set up
Such a fun thing to have around the house
Works great. Has extra features/commands & games/knowledge I didn?t expect
Nice device
Great sound
Decent sound and good functions
Good sound
Relatively the same as the last Dot but visually nicer!
Great improvement over the previous echo dot
Great sound!
Great item
I love my echo dot.
Realy Enjoy The Echo Dot
Aah, Alexa.....
Missing two echo dot 3rd generation speakers
Maximum Fustration
3rd gen is awesome
Nice
Loved.
Multi-uses for such a small footprint
Where is the music
fun
Second Echo in the house
So far, so good
What for?
Product Delivers
Amazingly good speaker
I love mine.
Cannot get it to setup
Awesome!
"Alexa, play Brown noises." I love my Dot.
Static
Blow Speakers
Nice Upgrade from 1st Gen
Great addition to Alexa family
Pleasantly surprised
Love it so far, one in every room.
Love this dot
Alexa is Amazing!!!!
A daily piece
Alexia is not a dull friend!
little
Really big sound
Better than Google Home
Good product, poor supply chain management
Soumd, quality and price.
No Teenager accounts
Love my Echo!
Functions as Expected
Echo Dot Comes In Loud And Clear
Great purchase.
Won't Play Amazon Music anymore.  It only play iHeart Radio.
Worth the buy
A Blast getting to know her, and how to use her with different things!
Much better audio quality
Doesn't work unless you pay for the service
A amazing device. Fun fun fun
WE LIKE THESE DOTS
I love the 3rd gen dot
Like it . Very good.
No Pandora
Very easy to set up
Good sound, for a small speaker.
Nice device. Nice price.
Good but not great!
Great 3rd Gen Dot
Fun!
Great Little Device
Love it
Wow....junk.
Take your time to learn the device
She?s great I love my echo
Better than Google home mini any day !
it's just so simple to work  with
A must have
Spoons now louder but NOT Better
Great sound and convenience rapped in a small dynamic package!
Works great. Easy to operate
A great product with some minor changes from the older version
Get almost all the abilities of Alexa for next to nothing !!
She aight
This is Fun!!
I love my Alexa
A best product to start with AI.
Very Useful!
Really Cool
Bigger than dot 2, but not as sleek looking
Much better than google
Very Useful
Save your money
Easy to set up and use
Highly recommend!
Nice aethstetic update but bluetooth not as good as 2nd Gen
Improved sound over first generation Echo
smartest thing eveer
Good improvement
Great to have
Love!
Enjoy
Great Product
Meh, no thanks
Awsome
Capable of louder speaker
Just wonderful.
Great for free...
Alexa is good at playing tv shows but not at understanding some of the music playing commands.
Almost 60 Years Old...
Wish it charged like a phone and didn't have to be constantly plugged in
It is functional
Has brought huge joy to an elderly woman
Love it
Good product but something is wrong with sound
Girl named Alexa
Upgrade was well worth it!
My second Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Pretty good
Alexa Eco Review
Nice little addition!
The sound is much better than the second generation !
Excelente producto.  I love Alexa
Great item to have in all households.
Loud!
Love Alexa!
Efficient.
Lots of fun
Just as expected
Love this in my kitchen.
Amazing sound, big upgrade from gen2
Love it
It's ok
Exceeded expectations!
better
Easy to set up, great sound
Not the piece of cake set up
Great device
Poor product
ECO Dot 3rd Gen Review
A bit disappointed!
Not impressed.
Great value For The Price
Great for adding to my shopping list
The echo dot is fantastic!
Love my echo
Great Sound, Great for Keeping Family Connected
Great device
so so microphone
Love my dot
Does not know everything.
Definitely louder than previous generation
Love my Dot!
My Ecko Dot 3rd generation
Great product
Alexa needs a hub that supports Zwave
Simple.
Disappointed/discouraged
Echo Dot 3
ITS FUN AND IT TALKS BACK
I really like it.
Loving it!
Nice but stereo doesn?t work with Bluetooth connected devices.
Seems good
works perfect, super responsive
Great Sound
Has ignored verbal requests twice in the first week because of connection issues.
Great in Broadband, May have trouble maintain connection in dsl.
Love the hands free phone option and weather check
Better sound, ok microphones
Grandma is LOVING Alexa
Loved this item
No help feature in the book or the web page.  iPhone work fine.
Alexa
Nice!
Love my Alexa/Echo/Amazon Devices
Echp Dot (3rd Gen)
Big sound in a small package!
Good product but prefer google home
Is Alexa, but
Streaming limitations I f you have more than one Echo,
3RD Gen a lot smoother!
Not useful as I expected
So easy to use
Much Improved Over the 2nd Generation
Great Product to have in the house...
Love be the new Alexa!
It's ok...
Overall we love it!
Works good
Very pleased
Recommend
News on the go.
Alexa is so fun!
useful device
Great fun and a helpful tool
Better than 2nd gen!
useless if you dont have a lot of other devices
Upgrade from dot 2.
Soooo much fun!
It?s okay
Great sound quality!
Its worth it
It's not having enough Vocabulary
Very good product
Amazing
Always listening
Great deal!
bought extra
Don?t know how I got along without her.
Great for first time this first time Alexa user
nice sound
design is okay, not as attractive
Nice intro to smart speakers
Not for me...
Pretty awesome
It's fun, not sure if productive in any way.
A Game-Changer
Most improved
Alexa!
You dont even realize what all it can do
Alexa .... you are amazing !
Echo Dot
poor quality
What a helpful tool for daily entertainment!
ALEXA WHAT'S NEW?
Fun, but issues connecting with calendar
Divertido y funcional
Thankful to have!
We love our Echo Dots
This is my first, planning to get more.
echo
Plug is huge! And not USB!
Great sound!
works well with main Alexa
Love it
Amazing !
Easy To Use!
Very easy setup
this one gave me a lot of trouble
Great help
Worth the price.
Freaking Awesome!
Better sound that the original dot
Very interesting.
3rd Generation Echo Dot is Beautiful!!
3rd Echo
Junk spend 1 hour registering device
Fun convenience.
Pretty good!
Love my new Echo Dot
So far, so good.
Looks good, new sound
Ask it anything
Happy 13 yr old
Never thought I would like an Encho Dot
Looks great but doesn't carry on a conversation with you.
Loving the Echo Dot
What's it for?
Awesome Device
3rd Gen Dot review
Wonderful
Better sound and look
Kids can't use with Prime Music
Alexa is not very smart
This is awesome!!
WOW
Love it
Mostly good but could be improved...
Great find
We are Alexified!
Easy to use
Great product that?s actually easier to use than I thought!
LOVE IT!!
Alexa turn on the lights is the best thing ever
What the heck??
Don?t get for sound
My son loves this
I love Alexa!
Huge sound improvement over 2nd gen
Introvert's besty
Wonderful!
Mama's helper.
Not that smart
LOVE!!
GREAT PRODUCT
Improved Sound, Nice Look
Alexa Lights On
A little better than you'd expect
much better than google Mini
Good luck adding devices
Love this , thanks Amazon
I love this great, fun gift.
Need clearer install instructions
Great sound.
Does almost everything
Home theater use
Getting better all the time!
Alexa is our new BFF!
Worth every penny!
Love!
No USB Connection
Great item
Perfect for anybody
I love the fact that it?s louder and bigger butt?
Horrible microphones ? Huge downgrade from previous gen.
Sounds Great!
WOW!
Love it!
Drop in
Fun little speakers
More fun than I could have dreamt of..
Alexa 3gen.
Fine accessory
Amazing sound and so worth it!!!!!
Build quality is outstanding
Nice Echo Dot with better speaker
Love my dot!
Still work to be done.
good
Buggy but dealing with it
Not overly problematic to function
Alexa
Cool device.
Useless if you want family members to listen to Spotify at the same time
Get yourself one !
Love it
Best thing to spend money on for family.
Sound is really poor
Echo
This thing is awesome
It's an exspencive weather teller
We bought for the entire family.
Tinny when loud.
Great speaker
Echo dot
Great sound quality but not that intelligent
Alexa is always working
Our bathroom/closet is actually fairly large, and it works wonderfully!
You?re gonna love it
LOVE MY Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa
A Much Better Speaker
Echo Dot is great for the blind.
awesome
Love my Echo Dot!
A huge improvement over the Echo Dot second generation
Big Improvement
Works when it wants
Sound quality 100% better then v2
SO cool!
Sound great, but function not so amazing.
Great to have
Adorable
Handy. So far. Needs tweaking.
Love it
It is  really worth the pain.
Love it, yet it doesn't do good job with all kinds of research questions I ask.
Useful for blind people
Great Item
Echo Dot (Third Gen.)
Great!
Oh yeah!
The Amazon Echo Gen 3 Gift From My Brother
Should have bought this a long time ago
Echo dot 3rd gen
Move over Google
Call and message feature is a fail.
Sound quality
Definitely sounds better than the 2nd generation.
Pretty awesome.
Good
Something new to learn.
A nice musical bonus!
Good product
Better sound
Best purchase Ever!!
Much Improved!
Alexa, write my Amazon review
flat buzzing sound on "S"
Needs more smartness
Awesome sound and lots of fun!
Now THIS is a bargain
Definite sound improvement
Love our Alexa home
Small and compact with a great sound
Nice and powerful
It's unbelievably easy to set up.
Best Sound and value Echo Dot out there !!!
Have fun with the echo Dot
Alexa is a great addition
Kids love it
Love
So helpful!
Much Improved Sound Quality
Didn't think I would like it.
Echo Dot
LOVE
Good sound and easy to setup
Very disappointed
It was very easy to install the ECHO DOT into the wall mount.
Echo
Shipping was stupidly slow, especially as a Prime member
Alexa behaves well
Awesome Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Nice!
WiFi connectivity
Happy So Far
This product is okay, not great.
A cross between a toy and a tool
Great sound in a little package!
Looove looove
Great little unit.
Love it.
Excellent Quality Audio
Love my echo dot
Great little product for sound
So good I went from having none to buying Two!
much louder snd better quality sound
Awesome
Great
Meh
Love my echo dots!
Works as expected
I love Alexa!!!
I love it
Was mine now wifes
Hissing sound maybe my unit defect?
Getting to know you....
There is nothing hard about installation of the Alexa
More Useful than I thought
Decent upgrade
Tech Challenged
Most of the content unavailable in Caribbean
Perfect!!
Great sound!
This is a great gift. Easy to set up
Much, much louder
Big Improvement from 2nd Gen
Not available without WiFi.
Easy to install and use.
One of the speakers is defective.
Perfect Christmas Gift
Fun to use!
Will not use Amazon music from you other Alexas unless you pay more
Worth every penny!
Worth the price for the upgrade.
Great sound for music.
Perfect
Our first amazon "home" device and we're in love with Alexa
The greatest addition you'll ever make to your life of laziness!
Worst amazon product
Confusing and hard to see dial
So useful!
Less Responsive than Gen 2
This is what the first one should have sounded like!
Fun and helpful
Love my dot echos!
Exelente Dispositivo
Great audio!
LOVE My Dot
Useful
Love Our Alexas
Speaker!
A winner
Great for the kitchen mounted it on the underside of cabinets
Like the unit, Dislike the business Model
Very convient.
I love it.
This dot is great!
I guess you have to learn my voice is getting better and he?s funny he?s great thank you
Great sound
This Is Our Fourth Echo Device
New Version Is The Best So Far!
Love this
Have Alexa in every room!
Was a good buy for free with a discount code.
Alexa, entertain the family
Better than expected
A Must Have
I?m getting one for every room!!
Convenient, but......
the sound is pretty good
Fun device!
Echo
Echo Dot and Echo Touch do not sync up.
Not too bad!
Alexa has a since of humor.
Rich new sound, microphone not so sensitive.
Huge upgrade from Dot 2
Very smart Dot!
Great way to get in touch with your kids when you aren't home.
3rd gen Echo Dot
Love her!
A++++
Do you really need it ?
I HAD NO IDEA
Much richer sound.
this is awesome
I Like Alexa
Not worth the price
Great update to 2nd generation...
Speaker quality is very good for the small size of the Dot.
Absolutely amazing  !!!!!!!!!
Much improved speaker sound and look!
fun little thing
Perfect addition for every room!
Nice addition to current Alexa
New Echo Dot third-generation excellent
Alexa
Bulkier than older echo dots
Must buy!
Fun product!
Very easy set up etc
Doesn't hear well
We just really enjoy this 3rd gen Dot, our 2nd
Tie them together to give stereo sound
Use it all the time!
Echo Dot 3rd G is a fun and practical device
Never knew how much I would appreciate this product until I used it.
I?ve just begun to get acquainted with Alexa, but?
Hello Alexa!
Surprisingly Useful
it's fun to play with
Very problematic.
Echo Dot 3 is a fantastic buy
Nice little device
Glitchy
Amazon Echo Dot is worth its cost...not top of the line but not bottom of barrel either!
Set up is annoying
Sound quality improved but mics aren't that great
Easy for kids to use
Nice design
setup can be challenging!
Love it but a small issue
I love this
Very clear and extremely knowledgeable
Having multiple units is good.
Inexpensive and easy to use
Better sound quality
I love this thing.
good product from Amazon
Cant stream amazon music on multiple echos
Good sound
massive rip off
Awesome home assistant!!!
finally! someone that listens...
Loving it.
Louder, better
I must like it because I bought more.
great speakers
Another great addition
Good upgrade
Great for the shower
Great for what it should be.
Amazon Echo - A great product.
Amazon Music Unlimited Is the Best!
Great device
Good speaker but annoyed with unable to hear my command
Great speaker for the bedroom
Good for home automation and music
Echo dot 3rd Gen Worth It !!
Love it
Love love love
Better Than Original
Very nice upgrade from 1st. gen. Dot
Great access to Alexa
You have to keep them charging while listening
Disappointed At Advertising
Backup needed if used as medical pager
5 stars
I just Love Alexa
Great little product for the money
Excellent
Works like a charm
Enjoying Echo
As advertised
Awesome!
Alexa quality has plummetted
You can use it for everything
Best purchase!
This items works exactly as advertised.
Like it
Spotify connect!! And better sound
I love it
Amazing value and fun.
Better app usage please
Not very knowledgeable
It asks money for every thing. Nothing but a commercial device.
Awesome so far!!
You can turn off the microphone!
What did we do without Alexa?
I ?? Alexa. She helps me and I like it.
Surprisingly fun and useful
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is fun
Never thought I would want or use one of these
My new best friend !
Love my Dot!
I think I'm addicted to these things.
Purchased for listening to SiriusXM in my home.
Clearer, louder sound!
I love it!
Great improvement
Loving Alexa on my Echo Dot 3rd Gens!
Works good
HARD TO HEAR!
Really like this product
wonderful
Love the Gen 3 Echo Dot!
Don?t buy . It sucks
Still learning all the features
Alexa is amazing!
Hands down the easiest gift to give!
The Echo Dot is so versatile.  Great price, great product.
Amazing!
Amazing sound for a Dot
Privacy issues
Viva Alexa
Very good product
It really works!!
Amazing
Still learning
Very useful, and sometimes annoying.
Nice sound
it spoke english for about two days. Now it only talks in spanish.
Enjoying this new "toy".
Love the dot
What's not to love !!!
The Echo Dot so far
I wont miss another appointment again
Echo Dot
Simply a good product that delivers expectations
Our 2nd Alexa
Great upgrade
Disappointing sound qualty
Didn't think I'd want it, but...
Enjoying using the Echo
Great alarm clock!
Great Sound
No longer powered by USB
Ask it just about anything
Compact size, nice design, great sound
A smart device
Good quality
My grandson loves his new Echo Dot 3rd generation
Alexa does not understand me!
The Dot is sleek!
Alexa not up to hype
improved.
How did we live without it!
Echo Dot
Hands free
Convenient to listen to my music
Awesome sound
Such a versatile device! Love Alexa on the Echo dot.
A great product.
Great toy
Must buy
Our new family member!
Awesome sound
Would recommend Amazon Echo Dot! We love it!
Practical and Great
Love me some Alexa!
GREAT!!!
Great new speaker
Good price, always buy on Black Friday!
Love!! But wish shopping list would categorize.
ECHO DOT 3RD GEN
Great sound quality
Love this device
Cute blue  option in any room
Couldn't live without
Small, unobtrusive.
Love it!
Why I didn't get this sooner?
Great device!
Great product
Much improved sound quality!
was expecting more
What I like and dislike about Alexa.
Love this
Alexa is my new best friend.
Making life easier.
Only 120V it won't work outside the USA
Great device and sounds good too for music
Great sound for such a small device.
It is fun and easy to use.
No synchronation.
Amazing Alexa!!
Interesting and really sounds great.
Love all Amazon products but the dot doesn?t respond all the time
How you can connect to all devices
It?s ok.
Placement of the Amazon echo is the most important thing with this device
Nice quality. Audio is good considering the size
Had high hopes.
Love my dot
I love the new Dot.
The size is perfect in that it is not too big.
Not as robust as 2nd gen Dot. Too bad.
Convenient
Great little assistant!
A necessity we didn't even know we needed!
Best Dot yet
I love my new amazon echo dot design and sound!
Love my echo dot !
It cant hear from 7 feet away.. mic is not the best.
Weather in an instant
Perfect at a great price
Fantastic Alexa Device!
It's not perfect but it's ok
Technology is awesome
Alexa seems very stupid
Easy for all agest to use
Bigger and better
Gen 3 Speaker
Big sound, small package
Perfect size. Great sound!
Simplicity is better
???
Great for my Work Office
Love it
Alexa keeps me on time!
Great gift
Good upgrade
Great sounding Echo Dot
Love my dot
Wow! This knows everything.
loud for how small it is
How did I live without these?
Drop in
Definitely the best Dot yet!
I like it
Amazing !
Sleek design, good sound
I liked it
Great Sound
Calling it a "speaker" may be deceiving.
Great Purchase
Good could be better!
Amazing!!!
Excellent item, I need more usage, it is me not Echo
Great Product
Major upgrade from 2nd gen
Good for music but not at answering questions
Would buy for a friend!
Family loves it
Best companion for the house!
Works great.
Greatly improved sound!
Static?
Worth the money for sure.
How did we ever live without this?
Good Improvement
Great new gen of dots!
Excellent smart speaker
Fantastic Device
Good accompaniment to the Echo Show
Easy to use
It?s an awesome accessory to any home !
Great sound!
5 ? sound quality
We Just Love It!!!
how good is the volume over the larger ones
it can be helpfull.
Fun
I use it everyday and night
Love the interaction
Good sound for small speaker
Making daily life easier
One of the best purchases I?ve made love it
Great sound quality!
good value
Be patient, learn how to ask for the task you need listen to suggestions, have fun!
Nice Upgrade
Get up, get down, welcome home
Love it
Alexa >Siri
love my Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Great sound!  I love it!
A must have!
I love Alexa !!
Exactly what I needed.
Amazing how the Echo Dot works!
Great device... Great sound
Better sounding than the 2nd gen Dot
Echo Me
Great gadget!
Installing Echo Dot was Easy
another usless device
Great device
Beautiful look and quality
Easy to setup and use.
A Fun Product
does not really tell su how it works
Good to have,, something different then i'm used to
Loving the Dot.
better sound and respone
Much better than the previous dot
Definition of older words and terms is not known by Echo.
Easy to use
Hello Alexa
Great sound!
Perfect present!
These little guys are cool!
If you don't have one it's a must!!
Everything
Great Echo Update
The Echo
Would buy again
Best Version Yet
I love the new Echo
Stopped working as well
Thanks so much for the dot it's fantastic
Not completely satisfied with the Dot!
App for Android will NOT operate!  FREE is the RIGHT price!  Worthless to me.
This is fun technology
Great product
Quick and Easy information
Sound great!
Music is Great
Great little helper
Awesome and much improved!
Great small speaker
It a miss for every family
Sound is better but still not great
2nd Echo Dot
How fast Alexa executes the command.
As described
Alexa echo dot
Great Speaker
We were having problems with our alarm clock.
I love this thing!
Better than the original! Sounds great!
Amazing sound system for music
Great find
Switching to Google Assistant
I couldn't believe my ears!
Louder, heavier, but more robotic sounding
Love this Dot
Echo Dot
Great Technology
Love it so much I have three!
Controls almost everything.
Will not sync w/o internet.
Enjoyment for things unknown
White noise or relaxing sounds at night
It's like having a very smart assistant always available
Great new sound!
Would like it replaced- customer service won?t replace it yet.
I like it
Echo Dot 3G
Great gift for my wife
New companion in the kitchen!
Better than expected
is it better?
Great little speaker
Great little device
Dont Know What I did Before This
Great new design
Love it!
Meh
Useful
You will be happy with this purchase
Cannot simulplay audio on 3rd gen dots alone
Amazing upgrade
Hands free Alexia
Needed more
Great Alexa Smart Speaker!
Awesome Product
Love this product!
Good quality sound
Funciona en espa?ol en Estados Unidos
Love it so much i bought 3
great resource
Very Impressed!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Very Good convenience Small speakers for Use with Alexa
Love it
would not activate
echo dot 3
Like it
My friend Alexa
So much fun!
Once you figure this thing out its oK
Great product
Junk
Not very smart for AI.
These are great in every room for lights, info, weather, and jokes.
Good
Why no universal charger ?
Works as described and priced right
A bit echoey, but still a good device.
Awesome addition
I always have to revert to typing in my questions
LOVE
Improved sound
I'm in love!
Poor Quality Sound/ Blown speaker
The Echo Dot is the best gift I ever received.
Fun gadget
Better sound quality than Echo dot 2
did not thing about it read follow review
Great Look - But Alexa Seems to Trapped in a Tunnel
I ?????? My echos.
Always impressed
Nice design
Great product, really fun to use!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scratchy speaker sounds
It works great!
Don?t miss the Chuck Norris jokes!
Good buy and better mic and sound
Very helpful.
Great little device to have
Worth the buy
Echo Dot Sound
Much better sound!
It doesn?t work
lengthy learning curve
Pretty cool little gadget
Nice speaker
Sounds amazing! Good job on this one!
Just Buy it You'll love it!!!
She listens all the time.
Yes, you need an Alexa!
Fun and functional!
Looks attractive
Alexa, give yourself a high five
Easy to Use.  Has many purposes.
Good bang for your buck
Voice recognition microphones aren't as good as the last model.
Much improved
Great device!
So versatile!
A great safety item.
Alexa Echo Dot 3
Like but do not love
Great product
So much better than 2nd gen
Kitchen Alexa
She really talks back to you. ?
Great item
It Makes Life Easy....
Disappointing sound quality
Alexa, three generations later.
Great size!
Good buy!
Home automation simplified.
Actually the same product
Not as polished as the Gen 2
Good Design
Much Improvement
My NEW BFF
Echo Dot
Very helpful!
Awesome
Intermittent static all of a sudden after2 months of use
Great for everything
It?s fun to have this
Great addition to the home
The echo dot 3rd generation it doesn't respond as well to my voice as the 2nd generation did.
The audio plug is bent to left making it useless
It arrived on time.
Sound is a problem.
A strong update to the Dot gen 1 and 2
Great sound quality
I like it
She doesn?t reply to all of the commands as seen on tv
Increase Alexa presence for a few bucks.
2nd unit still doesnt work
Buy it you won?t regret it
The speaker is great!
Can't hear the commands, keep the regular dot
It?s great!!!
Probably the best smart speaker around !
Love it!
great!!
Easy to Set Up
I like it..but
Alexa
Lots of hype. But it?s really just an ok speaker.
better sound
It's ok.......
Fits right in.
Great product but a learning curve
Good
Love my Dot
Echo Stopped Working in Less Than 3 Weeks
Very Useful
Get a dot!
Sound quality is good
Love it!
Love my echo devices
Great family gift!
Nifty device
Ease of use
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Speakers blew out
Sounds better, but not as good at recognizing your voice
Take the time to set it up!
Very Entertaining
we enjoy it
Works as expected, but to me it's quite muffled sounding
WOW Love this one better
You can use the Echo Dot without having to buy any other devices.
My daughter absolutely loves it
Great Christmas Gift
Absolutely a mess
A great addition to our house
Temperature when you need it.
Impressed!
5 in my home
Great sound
Love my Alexa
Echo and Alexa are the bomb.
Better sound that previous version
Awesome sound
Sound quality 100% better than 2nd gen dot
Great products
Echo Dot
Nice updated device
More than expected!
Awesome!!!
Last almost two whole months getting a replacement
The recognition rate of the sound of the item is lower than that of the "G" brand.
Great product very cool gadget.
Well made.
Echo Dot - Love it!
Alexa echo dot
Best of friends
Question
I have 2nd generation I'm going to buy this one too for me I bought the other one for my daughter
Great gift idea.
Love
Big brother?s little helper
Alexa is awesome!
Great Addition
great sound !
Better than the previous one!
LOVE THE ECHO DOT!!!
This 3rd Gen Dot completes my smart home!
Beatiful device
Good
Hey, echo you are awesome!!
not the best
Don't know how we lived without them
Amazing sound
Great Value and Sound is great
Already Bought  A Second One
Alexia, tell me the weather.
Fun for my granddaughter!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - New and improved smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal
It?s okay.
Alexa and Smart Plugs - Perfect Combination!
Christmas gift
Way better Than The Last Gen!
Every household needs an echo dot
All good products no matter what.
Great device
Worth every penny and on sale too!
Love the 3rd gen Dots!!
Having fun with it
PERFECT
The sound quality isn?t that great at a higher volume.
Great product
Handy device
Love, love, love
I keep waking up at night because it?s making a sound
losing it!
Great device!!!
This polished version is much improved
Alexa Everywhere!
Microphones does not distinguished very well
Good product
Great Speaker
Fun and works great for setting alarms! My kids love it
OUTSTANDING
the sound is much better than gen2.
Good
Nice to have
Easy to set up and use.
Great performance; just like the photo!
Great device
Got to love it
Awesome addition to the house.
Convenient, easy, and happy I received it as a gift!
Worth the price and simple
I wish I knew about these before .
Love It!
Just as advertised.
Great gift
love the convenience
There was a problem that went away, then comes back.
The ?drop in? feature is awesome!
Echo dot
Very useful, and fun product. 3rd Gen Echo Dot.
Good product.. has issues with WiFi if you use a VPN
Not working like my old Alexs
Very Polite
Love this for bed room
Sounds good but SOO disappointing.  Didn't know Liz Warren's Twitter handle.
Better than 2nd Gen!  ***HERE'S HOW TO HELP WITH PRIVACY CONCERNS***
Love the Dot and its new look, but the sound is still disappointing
I'm in love with this little guy!  Unending entertainment and usefulness.
Slightly louder but not as good as Google Home mini
Overall improvement, but lost its flexibility
Actually impressed.
Works fine -- note equalizer controls
Don't rely on it for anything important
Distorted trebles (highs)!!!
Looks and sounds great!
Excellent!
Multi-Room Setup Doesn?t Work
2nd VS. 3rd Generation Echo Dot
Bad design, IMHO
Not very intelligent and extremely frustrating.
Finally a woman that can be controlled! (Alexa)
Throw any privacy ou the window if you use this device.
The voice response has improved significantly!
Steals Contact Information
Too Complicated for me.
Multi Room Music functionality is completely unreliable.
Louder, but lazy:-/
Much better audio quality!
Juice isn?t worth the squeeze
I wanted to love it, yet the 2nd-gen was better
Perfection!
A HUGE improvement in sound quality from previous gen
Stereo pairing isn't the greatest
Unable to access alexa app
A defect product
Muffled
I Love My Echos BUT I HATE the Problems!!!
Alexa
Fun, intuitive, and the look is sexy as hell!
Great improvements
IMPROVED sound quality/loudness  vs previous generations but still sounds muffled
No es Bueno Para Usuarios de Sur America
Best for home automation and IFTTT, bad for everything else
Worse than the first generations
Not worth it at all!
Unhappy with how the order was processed
Speaker blew in one day
Returned 3rd gen for a 2nd gen because they work/sound better
Terrible and incompetent
Great smart speaker for the price
Garbage!
I don't like how some of it sounds. i.e., Alexa's voice
Issues with sound quality and atrocious Customer service
Really? A proprietary AC wall plug?
Great speaker for Music
It?s not crazy loud, but is perfect for the price.
Do not buy! Very glitchy
Much better sound then the 2nd Gen Dot
Very Impressed, very please with sound and size.
NOT WORTH PURCHASING, BUY THE 2ND GEN INSTEAD
Mushy Sound
Sound :(
A whole lot of "no"
New Generation Has Great Sound
Went from 7 mic array to 4
TREMENDOUS value! Absolutely LOVE my Dot!
UNREAIBLE
Bass-Heavy Audio Frequency Characteristics and Limited Adjustability for Voice / Audiobooks
Not as good as I anticipated
Multi-echo household.. not impressed with this model.
Nice upgrade
One step forward and 3 steps back ... What were they thinking???
Private conversations made public
Love it!
All-new Echo Dot
Perfect
Echo Dot for Amazon Music
Doesn?t understand me 90% of the time
Junk
Nueva amiga!
Que entiende idiomas
Very Disappointed In The Sound Quality. Muddy, Flat and Muffled
I would?ve given it zero stars (UPDATED)
Cool. Irritating. Not sure I'm keeping it. (updated 1/21/19)
Junk DO NOT BUY, can't handle home automation. Weakest link is the system!
Is being too smart a good thing?
Waste of money and time
Huge improvements over the 2nd gen.
THE APP YOU NEED IS NOT READILY AVAILABLE.
Bad distortion after playing for few minutes
My first foray into 'home assistants'...
Echo Dot 2 vs. 3 Review
My first Echo.... 2 thumbs up
Hopefully the Dot 3 is just having growing pains
Badly over-emphasized base
Very disappointing compared to previous models
Don't waste your money.
Assistant that cannot place real phone calls
I enjoy this little dot, it makes me laugh.
Does not work as advertised.
Needs an EQ, Seriously
Horrible! constantly disconnects! pending update
new echo added to the family
Great start to my Smart Home Integration
It's hard to imagine better...
I have many different Echo's and the Dot Sucks!!
Not a fan
VERY POOR sound quality
Great Sound from a Tiny Speaker With the same options of the first gen.
This thing is whack - 2nd generation wasn't crazy
Great addition for small home office or bedroom etc
Speaker Problems and Non-Responsive - Gen 3
Sound is not as clear as the 2nd Gen Dot
No para Republica Dominicana (por ahora)
Sound clearly better than 2nd generation
Not what I expected
Very Impressive and great quality
Best bundle ever!
Seriously impressive for the size
Like talking to an automated phone system.
Great dot
Not nearly as good as previous generation. No need to updgrade!
Stopped working 20 days after 1st use
Won't connect to wi-fi
Echo Dot is great ... just not this version, get the older one
Echo Dot is just the coolest product!
Dumb as Dirt
Bigger but not necessarily better
Far Superior Echo Dot
Google Home is so much smarter.
Echo Dot 3 is Amazing!
Stereo pairing feature incomplete, otherwise a good device
Nicer to look at
A great upgrade or additional device!
Echo dots in combination with fire TV stick
Really awesome sound quality, creeps the crap outta the cats and the husband though
Love the Echo dot, but there is on caveat...
Poor documentation
Just a novelty
Echo...turn on the review of 3rd generation dot
Love this little device!
Very good improvements
3rd Generation...a step up....
The Echo dot is OK for the price, but the Echo is 100X better.
It can't call 911, which makes it worthless.
A very nice upgrade but would have liked to see more than the 3.5 out for older sound systems
Sound issues
False Promotion Advertising
My favorite purchase this year
Alexa, THE Amazon salesclerk at your side
I wanted to order pizza.  Alexa read me the news instead.
Dots Just Keep on Getting Better
Cheerio, Alexa!
Ironically, everything except Alexa sounds good.
Bought one....then 7 more...
On again off again
Read before upgrading
Power Connector is different from Generation 2
There is one potential issue
Garabage software
I can't believe I waited so long to have one of these
Blows the Older Dot Out of the Water
Inconsistent at best
Easy Setup and Great Sound!
This 3rd gen Echo Dot is better for music
Over-hyped, under-powered
Dot vs. Mini
works great so far
Better than previous version
Almost perfect
Alexa's Voice is barely understandble!
It?s a Little Better Than Ok.
Welcome to the future
Echo is a combination of the unit, the app, and Alexa - so just regarding the unit:
like
Stuff you won't read elsewhere
Playing Music
Pretty cool
Sound quality is ok, but there are major improvements
Good improvements over Gen 2! Got rid of the verbal replies!!!
The Devil is in the Details, some stuff you might want to know.
Auto dimming feature for light ring?
So far, having fun, sound a touch muffled, Android app is battery drainer
It's Great
2 Years Later Using Both: Echo is Much Better than Google Home Mini!
READ | My first Alexa product
impossible to understand intercom messages and other problems
Better than I even expected !
The Echo has taught me to hate the name Alexa. Comparison of the Dot and Echo
A compromise from 2nd Gen Echo, but better speaker
Exceeds expectations
Not a huge improvement, but not bad
An absolutely excellent smart speaker with so many great functions.
It's a nice start, may work well someday.
Dead mode - Sorry I am having trouble understanding right now. Please try a little later.
Fantastic technology - but one HUGE flaw that makes it worthless
terrible attention from Mexico if you bought at amazon.com USA
Happy so far!
Works fine for most things, but not for what I actually bought it for.
Much improved speaker over 2nd gen
Difficult setup,  needless other app required for any use
Perfect for voice controlling your TV or firestick.
Sorry Alexa
WOW - I don't give out 5 stars often ...
Cheaper than the competitors and works better too!
Hahaha, where to start...:-)
Love Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
I don't know why I've resisted, I can't believe I'm writing this review :-)
I Love Siri But This Is So Much Better
Love this voice command speaker.
Paired with good speakers, this is stellar for music.
Can't Connect 3rd Generation Dot to my music group
Great Sound, Learns your voice, Fun to Have
Great Improvements to the Echo Dot
echo dot gen 3 way better than gen 1 or 2
There?s a reason why they lowered the price - Alexa is being smothered
It's basically a sexier looking gen 2 with marginally better sound
Quality look and feel, but spoken word audio quality is not as good as gen 2 units
Magic in a little Dot! Great for the family!
Very disappointed
Crazy
Really great, but still has some problems
Doesn't support local music/audiobooks and can't communicate with Fire TV.
Excellent buy. Can't stop at just one!
The 3rd Gen Dot buzzes when "silent"
Nahh
Sounds significantly better than 2nd generation
Best $24 I've ever spent
Occasionally Disturbing Moments
Good Devicel, but STOP FORCING STUFF ON US
Good Product with Some Flaws, But Maybe a Bright Future!
I only regret not buying more!
Yes, yes, yes!
Don?t understand why I didn?t buy one a long time ago.
"Alexa set the bass to 5; Alexa, reduce the bass by 2.".
3rd gen is best Echo Dot so far
Have issues?  Just send it back!
Awesome Product gets even AWESOMER <---- New word but it fits!
I'd say 2x better than Echo Gen2, and 5x better than Show at understanding us
Good device, not life changing
Love this gadget!
So far so good!
It's louder, but ... slower?
Awesome Sound, Alexa Responsiveness - Not So Much
It failed & the taller Echo (older) is a pain
Life changing. I'm thrilled
Verification Failure!
Lack of support w/ Echo team. & Pore English
Why did I wait so long to try this awesome little dot???
EXCELENTE
Didn't take long to break...
As of FEB 3 2019 the voice commands for navigating FireTV are not ready for prime time
Side by side I decided to keep the Amazon Echo Plus over the Echo Dot
The echo fails to impress
I like it!
I loved it so much, I bought another one.
You should have one in every room
Much improved quality over 2nd gen
Improved version of the already brilliant 2nd gen. Echo Dot, excluding the mic.
How did I live without this just three months ago?
Alexa....
AMAZING, GREAT SOUND, LOUD, 3rd Gen Dot, I LOVE EM!!!
Follow Up Mode Does NOT Work When Connected To Bluetooth Speakers
Learn before you buy
Disappointing
As of January 2019, Echo devices are not what the potential leads you to expect
Echo makes life easier and gives a peace of mind.
I thought this was a Waste of money until I got a call
My Echo Dot is so amazing!!!!
Sounds great
Connection issues.
it's ok, but...........
I'm sorry. I'm having trouble understanding right now.
Just tired of repeating myself
Speaker blew in two weeks
Great device!
Good stand-alone BT speakers! HUGE SOUND IMPROVEMENTS OVER 2ND GEN.  But Alexa's not for everyone.
Useful device but sound clarity is terrible.
Features are nice, sound is bad
Good speaker, does what it's supposed to do.
Skeptical at first, but well worth the risk
Do not download the AP fro the App store.
Much improved sound over the 2nd gen Dot
ECHO DOT 3 IS AMAZING!!!
ALL OF US WERE DISAPPOINTED IN ALEXA'S NEW VOICE BUT AMAZON CAME THRU
Useless and NOT Smart
Stopped working after 2 weeks - would not connect to internet any more
Awesome little device!!
LOVE IT!
Amazing!!!! Quite impressive. It is worth the money!!!
some units DEFECTIVE with static noise
Big Improvement in sound quality over older Dot gen 2
Small Dot, Big Sound
Love the echos
less than expected
i did. pre order first my 3 rd. generation echo.dot
A review of the device not Alexa. Microphone sucks... that aside
Easy to Set up, Easy to use - But not always understanding what's being asked.
Much better than the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Has not improved too much
Greatest $30 you?ll ever spend
Amazon Echo Dot Gen 3 - Setup Unacceptable with Samsun phone
Better than 2nd gen, still not perfect
Not Impressed. Very Horse and Buggie.
The sound is OK, but nothing like the much better Alexa 2nd generation.
Much Better Sound Than 2nd Gen
Good improvements to Gen1 and Gen2
Not Ready For Prime Time
It sound ALOT better compare to gen 2
I know Echo Dot does all kinds of things, but I mostly use it for rain sounds
Not So Smart
Brought my old Tabletop radio back to life!
Great AI device. 3.5 jack turns off alexa speaker
I love my Echo.
Fun times
Even better than the 2nd Gen Echo Dot
3rd gen = best yet
BEYOND DISAPPOINTED
Disappointed and worried about the security issues
It?s OK I guess, but nothing to write home about!
great sound but Very hard to enable all the skills except for the very basics.
Exactly what I wanted!
Great functionality, App and Permissions need refinement
Not Ready for Prime Time
A+ upgrade Short on Function
Amazon, you can do better
Great gift! A great comfort! Easy 2 set up
Love it, but will probably lead to world domination.
Just What We Needed
Munch better than older model
Sound quality not as good and not as quick to respond as Echo Dot 2
Huge improvement in construction and audio
If Bass Matters, Worth the Extra Cost Over a 2g
Big Improvement
Audio sounds like it's covered by a blanket
Finally, Someone That Actually Listens To Me LOL
THE ABSOLUTE WORST TECHNICAL SUPPORT EVER
Fun little gadget
I wish I purchased a Google Home Instead!!!
Love my Echo Dots
We love our Dots! This was our second; and our favorite!
A nice Improvement over the second generation Dot.
Great quality and great sound for this third generation Echo.
No Top end. An attempt to create something wonderful.
Missed the mark on the sound
Very helpful and easy to use
Ordered 4, 3 worked, one didn't....
Great product but Alexa has a lot to learn!
Way better speaker that the original Dot!!
Alexa is my new Bff
What a complete waste of my time
Sound Is Terrible - 2nd Gen Was Better
Terrible sound with 3rd Gen Echo Dot
The helper you didn't know you needed
Looks and sounds better, but hardly ever works
THREE FAMILY ALEXAS HAVE QUIT WORKING AFTER ABOUT ONE YEAR.
Great upgrade to 2nd gen!
Sound quality is tons better using secret graphic equalizer.  Alexa team reads bad reviews.
Don?t Do It
Looks great, and can't go wrong!!!
Fantastic product, I want more.
Echo Dot Delivers!!!
Perfect puzzle piece to expand smart home control
Works very well with voice commands. I?m impressed with its level of comprehension.
Strongly recommended
My First Smart Speaker
Alone, it's more gimmick than tool
Attractive with great voice
Awkward, frustrating, time waster
Not impressed.
Kinda cool device.
Much Better than the 1st and 2nd Gen Dot
Worthwhile Upgrade or Addition
I?m buying a second
My little Helper
I bought the 3rd Gen for better sound and Stereo Pairing
Great for anywhere in the house!
Speaker went out in 3 months
Echo Dot Poor Quality Sound and Performance (UPDATE)
Good, with some annoying features
Echo dot not happening.
Made for a Great Christmas
Wonderful improvement but only lasted 2 months Updated
Fun & Interesting Gadget
Yaasssss get it, totally worth the upgrade
An improvement on the last one
On its own, there isn't much Value-Add
Gets better and better
Much more useful than I thought
Fascinating newfangled technology
This is a product that belongs in every home
Love love love
What's new Echo??
My parents love it
Not worth it
Alexa-Good Morning!
This has the worst setup instruction
Product was returned along with ALEXIS in the same box AMAZON shipped it to me in.
Fantstic Piece of Equipment
Wonderful product, and I'm still learning how to use it
Love the New Look and overall build quality. Not sure about the Speaker upgrade.
Negative Star Rating!
It?s great!
Great speakers compared to 1st and 2nd gen
Speaker is now good, great upgrade from 2nd Gen.
Needs some work, but still a better assistant than me.
Required for stereo sound, too loud?
Good product but sound is muffled
Little Dots Made Alexa Available House-Wide
Gen 3 is a real Gem
Alexa is my new best friend
Greatly improved Dot, horrible power adapter!
Better Speaker, Worse Microphone Than 2nd Gen.
Ultimately not much of an improvement
Amazing for the price!
Huge Improvement Over Previous Dots
It's a better DOT...
Very aggravating
Easy to set up and a breeze to use
Have difficulties with wifi and making calls
First Time Owning of an Alex Voice Activated Device
Improved sound over v2
Great for my parents and family! We bought 2 for the home.
An essential device
Not as good as old DOT...
Good, but need some improvements
Great Voice Recognition & Highly Impressed By Its Sound
pairing two as stereo only works for requests made over device over like music unlimited.
Great Device
Limited But Useful
If you've been thinking about getting one of these, go for it!
Like it
The 3rd Gen Alexa Echo is awesome
She's Nosy!
Microphone is horrible on the 3rd Gen vs 2nd Gen
Great product
Not as good as Gen 2 overall due to random connectivity loss
I?m in love! Buy it today-you won?t regret!
Potentially good, but surprisingly lacking
Loses its luster after a few days
Better Sound - Bad Listener
Vast improvement!
So close to perfect
My first Dot. I went and got a second one too!
Functional and Fun!
The sound just crackled at minimal volume!!!
Works great!
It's good, Google Home is better.
Not Impressed
Improved, sound quality different
GREAT LITTLE DEVICE
It's ok
Better than I expected
Alexa Makes Life easier !
Amazon 3rd Generation - Not As Touted in Release
Can?t receive calls. SUCKS. Besides this, it?s good.
Much better sound than Gen 2!
If you like what Alexa can do for you, these are GREAT!
Apple Music is BUGGY! Two Versions of Hardware?
fun
Very handy, surprisingly good sound quality
The Echo Dot 3rd Generation is a grand slam!
She's got me twisted around her finger!
Works OK, but not exactly what I wanted
Not worth the extra cost vs the older echo dots
Amazon managed to improve on the original tenfold.
Feel like I'm cheating on ?..............
Fun, pretty much a part of the family now.
Great addition to older Sonos
Great upgrade from the Echo Dot 1st Generation
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Not intuitive
Do you Spanish?
Very Nice Update
Decent sound - great whole house
Great little device, especially if your thinking about implementing some home automation.
From Echo 1 to 2 to 3rd gen
Alexa grew an Adam?s apple.
meh!
Amazon Customer Service Associate Helped
Not as smart as they make it out to be...
I love Alexa!
Very unsatisfactory
Worth having a few of these in your house
Quantum Leap in sound over 2nd Generation Dot
Stay away fron the 3rd Generation
Better speaker sound but worse microphone
I Love My Echo Dot!
Good updates but still needs minor improvements
Fails to Connect; Then Loses Network Completely and Needs Complete Re-setup
Major improvement from previous Gen!!
Glad I didn?t pay for this
Love, Love, Love
Much better sound and look than previous gen.
Its ok and saves my remote finger for other tasks
These are awesome devices, everyone will soon own these.
A friend
Awesome Little Device for the Mula!
Enjoyable device!
Flawless Design
Love! Way better than 2nd generation!
The best Dot yet
Absolutely useless piece of garbage
So Glad I Finally Brought Alexa Into The Home
Especially Great for me in Recovery Phase Post-Op Total Knee Replacement
Simply refuse to stay connected and play music
Great, but could improve!
Alexa! Where have you been all this time?
Changed power cord!
Great sound quality can use amazon certified smart plugs
Games and skills for every age!
Ok product but not worth an upgrade
Good improvement in audio, but it comes at a price
Perfect Assistant
Super simple to setup
Best Invention Since The MP3
Con limitaciones para uso en espa?ol
The best Echo Dot so far!
Good streaming while using satellite Internet
Fun little gizmo
Worth the upgrade
3Rd Gen is an excellent choice!
Love it - great option for people who live alone to reach emergency services.
Alexa is fun and a little silly. Great games and music!
so far, mostly just for fun
Love.
Perfect Echo companion
Sounds better than gen 2 and fits our decor better
Hasn't been as good as Gen2 for me
Much Improved DOT Placement Issues
GREAT Sound!!!!
Bought two, both defective
New abilities Alexa has learned
Caution
Speaker not that great - But still love the Echo
All you need in an Amazon Echo.
She?s a hit in our house
Sounded great at first! After the first month...
Much improved sound
Best and easiest way to listen to music and radio
3rd Gen Echo Dot Rocks!!!
Looks pretty. Microphone sucks. Stay with 2nd Gen.
Speaker is not as good as the Echo, but good for smaller room
Waste of Money
Won't Connect to WiFi
Great but few issues.
Great update over 2nd generation echo Dot!
Update from the 2nd Generation
A Moms Bestie
Not responsive over time
My family like it
Great upgrade over the 2nd generation dot
Great sound, more depth than gen 2, and more reactive.
bad product
Much better than generation 2.
Better Sound, Small Differences
A must own item!
Nice upgrade in sound
Very Handy
Cool but Could be SOOO much better!
Alexa. She's a true lady
Bluetooth setup, can use 5g, sound is a bit muffled
Super Easy to Start, Skills Linking More Challenging
Just right for our needs and more.
Excellent for Use with Seniors Interactive Conversation and Updated with Reminders
Decent sound, non-standard power connector
New to Alexa but immediately addicted
This is wonderful.
Need to fix the multi-device music issue! STAT!
3.5mm jack output volume is disturbingly LOW
New to this...
Stick with an Echo
Problems with the Gen 3
I prefer it's predecessor hands down. It looks nice but it doesn't sound nice.
Failed in a day
Extend your Ech/Alexa enabled home with the latest Generation of the Echo Dot.
Funny Story About My Dots!
The alexa app is garbage, it doesn't do what they claim!
A Fun and somewhat practical device!
Great job Amazon
What a great smart home device to have.
Extremely pleasantly surprised!!
Improved Sound - Different Power Supply
Big Update from Original Dot
Alexa is FAR ahead of Siri
Not as good as 2nd Gen
Much better sound, much slower response
Bass, more bass and no subwoofer.
Learn someting new each day!
Just like having my own DJ during the Christmas Holidays
Excellent Device with minor Flaws of limited Info
Big improvement
Very Nice Addition to Our Home
Way better than previous Dots!
Getting info correctly the first time
Do Not Miss This Great Kitchen product
Not Portable-stuck to needing an A/C plugin. Everything else is amazing!
The Echo System Does Not Work
Better way to listen to Dot
Great product!
This is definitely the best value echo
How did I live without Alexa?
Arlo owners beware!
Potentially good. Needs heavy involvement to be useful.
Is 'Alexa Guard' really coming?
Worth the upgrade!
Power supply hogs outlet.
She?s always listening 0.O
Love it
Sounds and Mic are Better than 2nd gen Echo
works great nice sound quality
Nicer than the old ones
Sounds better listens worse
Meh
Super stellar Sonic hearing ability never fails to amaze
Spotify Premium Required to use Spotify
Good way to help children with routine
Static Speaker
Here are some audio enhancement tricks...
Love my echo dot!
What happened to QC Amazon?
Reminds don't work
Disappointed!
I love it
Slaying Dragons while cleaning the house , Alexa can do that !
My life will forever be changed.
Nice
Good for baby's room
If you don?t have one, get one.
3rd gen keeps disconnecting from WiFi
Set Up a Pretty Good Home Surround Sound
Why should I stay with Echo?
Only as good as Siri. lol You be the judge
Definitely better sound quality
Great Job Amazon!
DAY 2 w/ Echo Dot and I Love It So Far
Not good for medical reminders
SOOOO COOOL!!
Impressed!!
Absolutely LOVE this thing!
Pretty rad
3rd gen dot
Beautiful Product!
Don't bother trying to find Voicecast!
Does what I wanted it for -Ask My Buddy
I like it. Dynamic bass according to volume.
Nice step up from 2nd Gen
Couldn't love this more!
Must buy.
Great Functionality and Sound
My home is getting pretty smart by the day.
Doesn't like auto channel on 5ghz
Not what I expected, but great potential
Frequent disconnects.  Marginally better sound than previous Dot.
The product is good by itself but needs improvement!
Brand new defective 3rd Gen echo dot replaced with a refurbished one
Love it - hope it lasts
Inferior to google home.
Alexa is great!
Nice Additions!
Has better speaker than the earlier gen 2
Great speaker, Love the Echo Dot
Great addition
Doesn't work
Not much different other than a few new issues.
Looks nice, might not hear me as well as our older version?
Spontaneous kitchen dance parties up by 100% !
Nice improvement
3rd Gen Dot is Fantastic - Nice job Amazon
Gotta get the hang of these things!
Amazon fix
Broke all my Wemo connections )-:
Poor performance
Better with multiples.
Sound Quality Much Better than 2nd Generation!!
Did not make me want to learn more about it - a neat little oddity
Kids are Obsessed
Good Voice Command Features, Not So Great Speaker
Usability could be better
it is small
Improved sound and package with same great functionality
Google Home is better
Man, does this thing use a lot of bandwidth!
Very dissatisfied n
Family friendly!
New and Improved, but less universal...
Eats Gen 2 Echo for brunch, it's no full-sized Echo (and that's ok)
Great speaker and responsive
I love my Echo Dot(s).
can't listen to my audible throughout my house with my multiple devices!
Sounds Rough About Half the Time
New amazon generations do not work in my house
Sounds better when it does.
The Echo Dot is a must have!
It?s like having an invisible personal assistant in the room with you!!
Convenient, if Creepy
Enjoy mine- both of them .
Big disappointment, no USB!?
Disappointed with customer service
A great entry level smart device!
Like hands-free Googling, but so much more!
Miracle Nightstand Device!
Is there an echo in here
Confusing
Best device i have purchased for 30 bucks.
Very good, room to grow - which is a plus
Better than 2nd - worth the price
significant improvement over gen2, and a deal with recent pricing under $30
Great sound and features out of this little puck - great upgrade to the original Dot
Good but much much less functional than expected.  Real problems with Australian amazon accounts.
Think you can't get any lazier? Guess again!
Alexa is a saucy chica
Convenient assistant, BUT no Shuffle for Apple Music
It would be a cool device if it didn't sound like crap
No USB power input
WOW!!!  GREAT SOUND!!!!
Blows the 2nd Gen away!
Wouldn't cooperate
Better than the original echo dot, but...
Horrible Amazon customer service!
I'm far more comfortable with my Google smart speaker.
Works pretty well, once setup that is...
READ  UPDATE
Muffled sound & DEFECTIVE controls when compared to Echo Dot 2nd Generation
the third generation is mind blowing thank you Amazon  now you. Really Rock LOL !!!!
A lot of fun. Alexa much better than Siri!
Great sounds, discreet and complimentary look to it.
Love Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Good "secretary"
A Tale About My Smart Home
Good music quality compared to echo dot 2
DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE TEENS!!
Connection and set-up failure
Wasn't expecting it
Hopefully not the new normal for the Echo Dots.
mote than one
It's like having a personal assistant!
Good safety measure
The future... Today!
Sweet deal
Works great
Doesn't work well.
Okay if you have bland musical tastes
Better then 2nd Gen
Overall device is great. BUTT alexa is a bit diappointing
Disappointing
I love her annoying butt
Not as good as the older ones.
Fantastic Upgrade
Nice upgrade
Dot 3 does not work with a ring doorbell 2.
Somewhat better than 2nd generation Echo Dot
Best echo dot yet!
Echo is for us, Google mini wasn't
Perfect purchase!
Much Improved
Simple but one of the most impressive tech I own
3rd Gen is Way Better than 2nd Gen
Works great and easy set up
Echo Dot 3rd Gen is a great upgrade over 2nd gen
Didn't think I'd like it but now I LOVE it.
Great!!!
Huge upgrade!
Alexa is unresponsive and kind of useless
Small but sounds great!
It can lose its voice!?
Fun purchase
Incompatible power and software ignorance makes the 3rd gen a poor 2nd.
Switching to google home mini
Not worth having more than one unless u like to spend more money
Alexa is My New Friend and Confidant
Great for quick answers!
Definite improvement over previous version
So many uses and improving all the time.
Alexa does so much
I love access to everything without using phone/computer
Impressive bang for the buck
Got worst over time
Biggest bang for the buck on the planet!
Worth it
I love these things
3rd Gen Dot!
Attractive, low-profile speaker
This 3rd Gen Dot is awesome!
Major sound improvement
A level above the 2nd Gen Dot
Seems to be fitting in.
Microphone could be better
Fun to use, but TERRIBLE sound quality!
Echo has a hard time with instructions.
An amazing device that you won't regret owning
NOT USB charging.... Seriously!
Excellent item
If gas furnace, must use Power Extender kit
It works ok
Small echo big sound
Must  install FireTV Service provider 'app' within Alexa app to pair with FireTV Stick
My first Echo device and I love it
Very cool device, enables a lot of smart home devices.
Independance
Love this!
Overall a good product
The sound quality is outstanding
Makes me feel like a kid on Christmas morning!
A needed item in your house!
Wonderful for sight impaired or handicapped people.
totally love it
this is the way to go
This gadget is so FUN
Hopefully they get better
Good device
Sleek design, but awful microphone
Helpful But...
Wonderful Device
Not always there to assist but confuse
Good so far for my first voice device.
Wow, nice.
The Lazy Maker
Just ok.
difficult to use
Bluetooth + Speaker = Terrible experience
Love, Love Love these!!
Great Gift
Love Alexa!!!
Misleading stereo or failed to live up to biggest reason I bought them.
Everyone says she?s cool but not really impressive
Fun Little Gadget!
Ready to pull my hair out
Love this new Dot!?
Alexia Helping with House Lighting
Static after a month and support is awful
GREAT PRODUCT!
Keep 2nd generation dot. 3rd generation is garbage
Can't beat that price.
I?m impressed! I?m not in 4th grade!
Surprisingly intuitive
Better Sound (than previos Echo Dots)
Meets all my expectations
Alexa is the friend in the room
Amazing!
3rd gen dot is significantly better
Our household gives these 5 stars! We love them.
Pretty Good
Love it but I?m sad about the new power supply
The BEST OF BOTH ALEXA WORLDS!
Amazon did an amazing job on the audio
Life is easier with the echo
Wishing everything used artificial intelligence now, lol
Speakers are awsome
Top notch smart speaker for the money. Way better than the 2nd gen Dot.
speaker quality and style much improved
Pretty cool.
Convenient, very effective home assistant.
Underwhelming
Works well but hard to set up
Yeah yeah yeah!
A great addition
addicting and precise
Gen 3 Dot works and sounds great - setup was a step backwards.
Too much bass for voice
Love my Echo-system!
Does what I wanted it to do
Doesn't play well with others
Cute & Powerful
Amazing Device, you must have one.
Much better audio than the 2nd gen
Dot on the Horizon Looms Large, Surpasses Expectations with Flying Colors
Customer Service is HORRIBLE
Oh Alexa, why do you torment me?!
Buggy or
Bigger Speaker More Bass...
My only friend in life
We Love Alexa
Awesome EXCEPT Not Wireless
Upgraded big time
Wants to stay in sleep mode after using it for a bit.
For the price - it?s a good deal and helpful
Easy setup, Fabric shell material is a nice modern decor over 1st gen models...
Great for kid's rooms
so much fun!
Alexa at home
Easy to set up, fun, and useful.
Great improvement on the Dot!
Impressive sound for the size
What an improvement!
Aesthetically pleasing and fun
Failed after 5 months
I like the 2nd generation better
Good quality, sound.  Understands commands much better than Alexa.
Got this for $1.06!
Thank you Alexa...
Love this echo
Echo Dot is a Great foundation to a smart home...
ALEXA IS FANTASTIC
Works well
Amazing sound quality and so useful! Buying more asap!
THAT'S what I was hoping for!
Still has trouble hearing me and understanding me.
Alexa is awesome
Dammed cool! Dammed cool device!
Must have for tech savvy family!
Get the 2nd Gen!
Works like the earlier version, just prettier looking and the low sound is stronger.
Recommend highly
If you?re looking for multi-room play the works consistently - move along
Totally worth it
"GURL....! Alexa sounds GOOD!"
It works okay but still have some ways to go...
The speaker in this generation is a substantial upgrade! The only Alexa device needed!
Why not a five star review - Amazon add control for the lights!
Not good at working with non-amazon providers
need more improvment
Nice Improvement Over the Echo 2
Making my rooms smarter
Issues
So glad I did!
Echo Dot and Firestick incompatible with music playback
These are great smart speakers for my bedroom
Doesn't Respond
Easy to use
serves my purposes very well
Honest review
Echo Dot 3
ANNOYING AS TIME GOES On... WHY!??
Don't buy if you don't have your own Private Wifi
The best gift I never knew I wanted!
Great product but Amazon needs to improve it!
Whole family loves it!
Getting Echo Dot Connected and Working
We have four dots now - and an old echo in the garage
A crippled girl's dream come true!!
Very Boomy Sound - Not Worth the Upgrade
I will not be part of the herd.
Don't Judge By Looks Alone
Great addition to my living room
What is to think about? Everyone needs Dots around the house.
Static noise  after four months.
WOW
Gen 3 is awesome upgrade!
Compact package and decent sound quality
Great Addition...
HUGE (heh) IMPROVEMENT
Great deal, 1 PROBLEM
Great deal for Home Ai
Great satellite for the Alexa system
Recommend to everyone
I'm not sold on Alexa - but it was free... so???
New Echo Dot Has Multi-room Music solution
Alexa what a joy to have around
Makes life easier
Speaker is better. Charging cable and connecter is higher quality. Looks nicer on furniture.
She's impressive.
Very entertaining
This Item Is The Best
Functionally Disappointing, Get Google Home
a MUST have!
Great in my nursery!
Appears to be working ok - However, green light stays on a lot ???
Beats the Heck Out of My Shower Radio
Awesome prodcut for the price
An excellent improvement over the second generation echo dot.
Nice sound. Not the smartest
Great at capturing voice
A music lovers dream.
Garbage
HELLO, ALEXA!
The Dot is mostly on spot
Great device! An actual updated device!
Hard to set up initially but very easy to use
A good little speaker and Alex for 50 bucks.
Set up is a pain in the ass, but once set up they are a lot of fun to use.
Great sound in small package
Great sound, great AI, great product
Great Black Friday deal
Confusing, Hard to Set Up
Account Service is Right on Point
Not as good as my 2nd gen
Pleasantly surprised by how useful it has been.
Put a Dot on it!
Minor upgrade and better speakers.
Great sound output and quality!
Fantastic, even as a white-noise machine
Not very helpful
From Gen 2 to Gen 3 - WHAT AN IMPROVEMENT
Much improved product
Neat gizmo
Works great! Sounds fantastic for such a compact device!
The same and not the same.
Would have returned, missed window by one day...
Wish they could share timers
I like it
Printed directions not included.
The sound is terrific and the size is small. A real winner all around.
NO STARS AND THE TRADE IN PROGRAM IS A SCAM
Can't turn Fire TV Stick 4K on/off, mediocre audio recognition
Good sound quality, horrible voice recognition
Awesome very helpful give it a day or so to get used to I got a little
Alexa is learning!
Service Rip-Off.
Gets better all the time
Echo's Newest Raving Fan!
It's Fun -- and Helpful.
Alexa works fine. Speaker and sound is garbage.
Improved sound output & having fun with intercom and drop-in
The easy use of it.
Good hardware, lackluster software.
Impressive Value, Well Worth the Money
No Amazon Unlimited Music for paired 3rd generation Echo Dots.
She?s cool!
Good product - different from the v.2 in its sound.
Great Sound Quality, but Alexa has room to improve
Love my Echo Dot!
We've been enjoying it!
Finally something priced reasonably
Surprisingly good sound - Now have 3 at my mom's house
Cute, compact, but not a know it all
Impressed
Highly Recommended
Work unit...
Needs more customization
Love it
great upgrade
It?s Alexa!
Terrible sound quality
What a Big "punch" for such a small device.
Great Device, I wish it worked seamlessly in Spanish as well
Terrible.
2nd Gen is Better
There are endless things Alexa can do!
Good buy but doesn?t meet the hype
Much better sound than the 2nd gen I had before
Ruined my furniture
Love it. Much better than previous version
Great device and awesome sound
Not quite there yet.
Beautiful addition to the home.
How Will Alexa Fit Into Your Life
Alexa really Shines
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a great device !
Good for music but not for news or talk radio.
Amazed with what the echo can do.
great upgrade
Just what I needed
Love it!
Great upgrade!
Continuing to evolve.
Works as adverstised
Much improved sound quality
Love the 3rd generation
Surprisingly loud!
kids love this.  Sound is excellent in my opinion after accounting for size
A little disappointed but I would still recommend it as it?s fairly inexpensive
I want to love it but I?m just frustrated!!
Blown away
I Love Alexa!
In love with Alexa!
Fits my minor needs
It's an Echo Dot, what's not to love?
Smart little speaker with good sound
Perfect
Not as intimidating as I thought!
Love my Echo
My second favorite non-human!!! Only her big sister is better!!!
Enjoy more than expected
cool but need user preference enablement
Not too easy to set up
Excellent voice recognition
It's Part Of The Family Now
I love my echo dot
Loving it
Needs a lot update still.
Tell Alexa "play runescape"...
Very compact, Great range, Easy set up!
This is not the home AI device you are looking for.
Alexa OK but not Smart!
Decent sound in a small package
Incredible sound quality
the default 'find my phone' app has a surcharge
Fantastic!
Helpful room assistant
Awesome sound - bought multiple
Awaiting more advancements
The Alexa functions work fine.  The speaker function leaves a lot to be desired
Real pain to keep awake
4th one purchased!
rlly great
Better Sound Quality Then 2nd Gen, Less Sensitive to Wake Command
Stay away if you use a Bluetooth speaker
Great speaker, Alexa has hard time hearing and answering some questions
Alexa sounds like Southpark's Kenny
love it - why did I wait so long?
My new Echo Dot
Worth the price of admission to upgrade
Previous generation worked better.
Our third Echo
this thing is great only one problem
Love this!
Speaker is amazing, mics are sensitive
Fun, good resource, and good value for the money and great for Seniors
Great Product, many uses
I like 1st generation better than 3rd generation, here is why
The sound is amazing!
Fun new device for the living room
Great sound and app caveat
It's aight
Speakers are SOOOO much better!
HUGE improvement
just okay
Great addition...
Much Improved Sound
2nd Gen VS 3rd Gen
Not as impressed with this device
Still learning
FRUSTRATING
Loud... sometimes too loud
Pretty dope!
Just great!
Echo Shrunk
Review after 3 months - disappointments
Unlimited Music - crazy restrictions
Fun device to play around with
Better but still has room to improve
Could be great but Amazon restricts it  for $
Can't wait to see what else this can do!
Setup is the devil, Alexa is an angel
No disappointments!
Love it! Trying not to ask Alexa for help when I'm in places I can't bring Alexa. lol!
Bye felicia
It's cool except it won't do the thing I wanted it for.
ALEXA ?  IS THIS FOR YOU ?
better than version 2 with some caveats
3rd Gen DOT is a huge improvement in sound
I think Alexa is spying on me - AMAZING sound over ver 2
What exactly is it good for?
Great speakers with a down side
Does not auto find my wireless network
1st Time User
For Info only
Sound of Music Great, Voice Not So Great
The sound on these is damn near as good as the full-sized Echos!
Easy to set up
Fun to have but seem to crap out eventually.
Failed to meet my needs
extremely upset.
EXCELLENT!!!
GREAT SOUND FOR SUCH A SMALL SPEAKER
Nice device to enter the home automation era
Significant sound upgrade from the 2nd-gen Dot!
I held off but now have multiple dots at my house. I love them with Apple Music!
The Echo Dot Is So Much Fun!
Echo is great but the Alexa app is buggy!
Now we're talking!
Bad connection on gen 3
does nothing right
Quality Sound
Fabulous!
It?s going to get smarter
So easy and fun a 5 year old can do it
More fun than expected!
Style and clarity on point
Dissapointed
Speaker blew out after a couple months of minimal, non-max-volume use.
Five units one household BEWARE
Works very well, easy to use, great product.
Upgrade. Now.
Won't pair with Alex Voice Remote
Pretty good to have around
Only lasted 2 months
Easy connection to streaming
Bullet proof little hockey puck of joy
Another disappointment from Amazon
It is SO MUCH BETTER than previous gen's!
Audio is a def improvement.
Suggestion for a new product!
RESPONDS ON COMMAND TO ANY QUESTION
Much better sounding than my gen 2 Echo Dot
Had it for about a month
Great speaker, few things could be added though
LOVE THE SIZE WEIGHT AND FEEL
TOOOO hard to set up
Fun
Discovering more uses each day
I've bought 3 so far and will be getting more
Can?t beat the price for how many things it does. It?s better than Siri on your phone.
Power Supply Change is Net Negative
Try it.... Good for the price but nothing is 100
White Elephant
Wow, sound is great improvement over last gen Dot!
Not ready yet
Horrible support and horrible voice recognition
Fun, and helpful. Overall I'm loving it.
A no brainier purchase
Static
We have disagreements
Extremely disappointing Like the previous version better
If you work from home and have conference calls this is a necessity
Love it
Works Great, Sound needs Improvement
Looks great compared to previous generations!
Fun and Functional ...
Audio sounds muffled
Love the sound level and clarity on Echo Dot generation three
Cool to use, shipping is horrible
Bad quality speaker
Love the Echo
So much better sounding than my 2nd Gen Echo Dot
The Echo Dot is Better Than Ever!
Looks nicer but not bowled over.
Doesn't work
Big improvement in sound from Generation Two
fun and helpful
Cool but
Alexa - your robotic friend.
Love
Have 2 in stereo, working great, even for music
Dot-lightful!
Bang for the buck speaker
?It?s always listening? for the wake word
Ease of use, flexibility, fantastic features!!!
Love this
Sound not that gr6
Awesome for bedrooms/nursery/bathrooms
More options to wake up word
sound is significantly greater than previous models
Love it
This is our first echo, and we have been very happy!
Mod 3 POD is a disappointment.
Love using it with My Ring Door Bell
i think everyone should get one! especially older people! or younger people!
Excellent paperweight
Annoying popping sounds every half hour.
Bluetooth not working UPDATE: Fixed!
Alexa decides when to work
Disappointing
Useful, enjoyable product
Pretty sharp but more of a novelty.
Great Speaker, Terrible APP and hard to play podcasts.
Echo Dot 3rd Gen - Alexa is dumb
Excellent support from Amazon
I?m obsessed. I want Alexa in every room!
Great for Helping Grandma
Considerably Better
Quality control issues, second replacement.
Great for quick inquires; the dog thinks her name is "Alexa" now
What seems like a whim becomes a necessity
3rd generation dot is a vast improvement
Still could be improved
Prefer 2nd generation
GREAT...but...
Universal product
Noticeable improvement over first gen
Great for kid's bedroom!
Small footprint - big sound
Meh
Very Happy With My Purchase - Highly Recommended!
Love her!
The Echo is a junk box
Perfect Extension of My Echo
A great gift surprise
Sound quality much better, Voice recognition worse
Good sound, easy understanding.
Echo Dot 3 is smart and stylish
Easy to set up
Easy To Install & Very Convient
Great little helper
Christian friendly
Warranty issues.
Recommended!  Very pleased
Limited support
3rd Generation Better than the Previous Dot
Love it and the Price!!
Worth it!
Terrible sound quality
Alexa cannot substitute the Internet, but she is great for controlling devices
Echo Dot
Great!
They are not fully connected
Buy echo and enjoy life at home
Alexa is my new best friend.
Nearly Perfect
Multi Connection Function-ability
Speaker is not great with music. Cool product though.
The Perfect 'Roommate'!
Not as good as 1st Gen
Not what it seems
Almost perfect
Nice addition to my Alexa enabled devices
Great for controlling smart devices and calls
For what I use it for, it is a decent little device
It is not improvied
The morning alarm alone is worth the price!
Less than impressive
Pleasantly surprised.
Great Echo For The Price
The sound compared to the 2nd gen echo is tremendously better!
Hmmm?
What they don't tell you
The Dot is pretty cool
Surprisingly good sound
Bulky power adapter / Dead on Arrival
Just Another Gadget
Okay But Sounds Awful
One happy hubby!
Dissapointed
Superb Microphones
Better sound quality
Amazing product for seniors
Better sound
Nifty little gadget!
Most hilarious Christmas Gift
Great price and good sound!
1 more Alexa device, please.
EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS!
Sorry, nothing like a google home mini
Not Wireless.
Great replacement for kitchen radio.
So far, completely unimpressed
i can HEAR it.
Love it but the speaker has issues
much better sound
My first echo
A quality product that is easy to use!
Echo Dot is Easy!
Radio Replacement
Disconnection of other Bluetooth devices....
Love it!
Much more sensitive to picking up Wi-Fi
Utter disappointment compared to 2nd gen
Product failures are proof life but lousy support is not.
I Love My Echo Dot
Worked As Described.
Seems like it should be better on 3rd gen
Yeah, it's cool.
Stereo pair works but unstable
It's a Dot but not as good as previous version
Great for music but...
Still getting to know it
Charcoal Echo Dot Does not work properly with other Echo or Echo Dot (2nd gen)
Intercom purpose
Amazing on Sale
Excellent audio quality for the price.
Disappointing and frustrating sums up this device.
Great!  Love my Echoes
Echo Dot Gen 3 Issues
Received non working device
Easy to set up
I love this device!
Very disappointed
Speakers are truly terrible
Useful but technology not all the way there yet
Better Sound than Gen 2, but....mic is weaker.
I bought 5 of theses so far I love them
Excellent device
Helped me find my lost phone, very fun, but could use some work
Better sound quality then 2nd gen, but seems to lag slightly
Small but useful and sounds pretty good!
Works great with Bose system
Alexa, how do you sound on the echo dot 3 rd generation?
very good sound surprising beings it's size
Excelled my expectations!
Some ways an improvement, others not.
Huge downgrade from the previous version.
fun
Every home needs at least one.
Started off good
Nice device, but lacks AI training.
Alexa what is . . . almost anything
It?s a hoot. ?
Great little helper!
Husband Changed His Mind & LOVES Her!
Had some difficulty connecting to our internet
Accent recognized!
Alexa is the best gift to give!
Needs some work.
Nice and Easy
Who can't love Alexa?
i like it, but it's bit deaf
Dots of fun
Adds a lot of convenience to this nanny?s life
Love it
How to make a product worse
Receptive and works.
Both useful and entertaining
The joys of having Alexa
LOVE!!!!!!
Buggy and slow.
Cheap but Mighty
Easy to use
Eco Dot 3rd
Great Sound!  Doesn't sync well if you use many in a "group."
A great way to start your morning!
We love our echo and dots!
Setting this up to pair with your Echo is a freaking nightmare.  I hate your app Help!
Alexa is helpful!
I'm not sold.
Not as great as I was told.
recommenable very happy
What did we do before Alexa?
I really enjoy using the Echo Dot
Worthless
Used device.
On Board the Alexa Train
2 steps forward but then 1 step backward.
I'm having fun with this little dot.
Great
It's an Echo. Of course it is amazing.
It sounds good
Good Device, Alexa is Just OK
A Question of Balance
Great buy. Two for $50.00 deal.
These are awesome!
These just keep getting better
Wonderful Life!
I Recommend This Almost Perfect Product.
Love this little thing!
Speaker developed a distortion and scratchy sound quality .
Does exactly what it says it will do.
Great for Rooms
Significant improvement in audio quality
I may try Google Alexa changes things up too much.
fun to mess with
Solid
Alexa Can't Play Many Podcasts.
Everyone needs one!
These are great!
Awesome!
Why no USB?
Choose wisely when using smart plugs.
Lov
Surprisingly good quality sound.
Very good adult "toy"
Fun. Substantially louder than first generation
Nice Improvement
Get the third generation
Lots of fun and a great smart home addition
Almost perfect
I never thought I needed Alexa...
It sucks
We want more
Good Sound, a bit dumb compared to google home
Better instructions for the dummy
The best $40 purchase ever!
App is terrible
Can't use as an external speaker without a bluetooth connection
A Great Little Helper and Information Announcer 3rd Gen Echo Dot
Speaker Concerns ??? Suggestions what to do ????
SO disappointed
So far, so good!
Love it!
Doesn't keep up with Google home
Amazon and Alexa Are A Wonderful Pair
Good thing we got this for free
Great Updated Dot Smart Speaker
Huge bang for your buck  Small convenient to put anywhere and great sound quality
Works the same as a generation 2 but with better sound
How can you NOT like these?
AWESOME UPGRADE. DO IT... YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
Speaker is decent if you're not too picky on sound quality
Well Built, Sounds Good
10-Oct
Works Adequate
Needs equalizer
It?s better .. but issues
Difficult to set up
Keeps getting better
Fun and somewhat useful. Needs some improvement though.
Had a small issue, but got resolved and works great now!
sound quality
Dislike the app
Sooooo cool!
The Echo Dot (3rd generation) is AWESOME!
DON NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
Smart Home for a few bucks!
This little thing is the bomb!
Power Adapter Is One Step Back
Ridiculous how useful this little gadget has become. Nice sound for its size.
Love it!
Much fuller sound and larger than Gen 2 Dot
Surprising pleasure
Sound quality is a lot better than the 2nd gen.
Very quick answers
Speaker started sounding bad a few days out of the box
We love these things
Great sound quality
Alexa is AWESOME!!!!
Well worth the price
No support
Better sound, but buggy.
Awesome technology can?t beat Alexa or the Price for High Tech Items !!!
GREAT SO FAR
Impressed with speaker quality!
Amazing device with shockingly excellent sound
A good product made even better
Works really well as an extra Alexa device for the bedroom
Poor microphones
App is awful
Alexa answers, to most things.
Best Echo yet!
Liked google mini more
Great Speaker
MY NEW BFF!!! :-)
Absolutely a good buy
Capabilities Lost in this Version
Uses one of the worst apps known to man!
I got an used device, w/o power cable, not in the official package
We love our 3rd gen
Welcome upgrade
It's fun, but...
Alexa!!
on my 2nd one - both bad sound
Love, love, love
alexa dot
Only complaint is lack of ability to work with Itunes playlist
AMAZON FINALLY OVERCAME BOSE...SORT OF
Useful and fun!
Good product, but management is challenging
Great to have and easy to use.
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Pretty sweet
My grandchildren have a lot of fun with this.
WOW. How did I live without this?
Not THAT easy
Pretty cool for the price
Bought 2 as gifts
Best amazon device ever
Mostly effective as intercom
Purchased Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Alexa?
MAKE A WATER RESISTANT ONE FOR MY SHOWER
Much better then the previous generation but could still improve
Love this Echo 3
Improvement with eccentricity
Good, always getting better
I wouldn?t buy this to use for music! But the other features are okay for this particular model!!
Product Works as Described
echo dot 3rd gen (gray)
Our family loves our echos!
Easy set up!
Great value with giveaway, excellent little speaker, great Alexa addition
Buggy App
Echo Dot is so much fun; I don't know how I got along without it!
What a fun and interesting bit of technology.
Great little multifunction smart device
little but really useful
Not crazy about this product
So far. So good.
Good for its Purpose
Little speaker, big sound
Didn't think I needed a digital assistant but she's proven useful as well as entertaining...
Great option for music and audio books but uses lots of data
Still in Kindergarten
Very good improvements
Lots of fun
Really G R E A T !!
Much improved mic and sound.
Meh... it still can't fetch the newspaper
Alexa Play
maybe next gen has the capabilities to pause and play
Plug and play
3rd gen dot is disappointing
Much nicer than the first Dot
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Amazon echo is perfect for my house
Worth the price just for the entertainment of it!
Sound is Disappointing ?
Pleasantly Surprised
Can't live without out my echo!
Much better overall!
Great
We bought this for our son !!!
Best Purchase in a long time!
Love love love it!
amazon > google
Great device. One complaint.
Questionable Sound Quality
This thing is great !
It's much better this version
Good, but buggy...
Life changing!
So fun and convenient!
Nicer Looking...Audio Not So Much
Performs As Advertised
Great product
Quality sound
Life is better with Amazon smart devices in it ....
I LOVE IT!!!
Very impressive!!
Love Alexa features
Piece of Junk
perfect
Awesome
Overall I love her so far :)
I got this as a gift
Convenience
Echo dot 3rd gen broke
My daughter loves hers
Fun toy
Haven't been able to set this up. Got It setup! Yeah!
Not as good as the 2nd Gen
Disappointing
It?s part of our life!
Not Able To Answer Basic Questions ?
Alexa is a family member now
Speaker definitely better--Mic not so much
Very easy to install and use!
Very easy to set up and fun to have with a group of people.
Sound quality is well worth the price.
I was unsure; extremely happy with ECHO DOT
finally understand the buzz about Alexa
Dot Makes Everything Better
Does not work in Trinidad
I love my echo dot.
Dessapointed
What a difference
I love the Evho Dot and Alexa
LOVE THE ECHO DOT
Would be 5 stars but account problems...
Works Like a Charm
Alexa makes life easier!
Love Alexa, She is so helpful.
Love it!
Great upgrade
Stops Playing
Shopping & Entertaining
Greattttt product!
Alexa's just not that smart, but she works hard!
Difficult to set up
Using it more every day
No battery
Box came opened and without any protection inside.
Sorry I waited so long to take the plunge
Fun and FUNCTIONAL
Better sound and design!
Like it and planning to buy another!
Holding out for the fix
F$ These piece of $&$#
Great unit but needs tweeking.
Not an upgrade
Better Sound Quality
A definite upgrade from version 2
A Must Have!
So very helpful
Better!
Great Companions
awesome additions
If you love amazon and their smart home products the dots a must.
Best intuitive speaker!
Alexa is my best friend. Don't tell my cat!
Great sound in a small package!
Wonderful Smart-home Devices.
Number 6 and counting!
Maybe not the best yet...
Good purchase for the home office.
Makes phone calls! Every home needs one or a few!
Love it! Impressive sound quality.
Originally thought I had ordered the wrong item
Not the best Echo device
Way better sound quality
Wow....what a great product....enjoying...
Much improved speaker
A great improvement on an already good product.
How have I survived without a Dot?!?
Fantastic
Game changer
Easy as pie!
Alexa Has Cotton in her Mouth
Horrible speaker
Sound quality GREATLY improved!
Solid device, not the best App
Alexa is my new best friend!
Disappointed in new generation
Works great, except when it doesn?t.
It works exactly as described
Love my Echo Dot
3rd Gen is improved
Instant information.  Just ask Alexa
Nice design, good speaker, Alexa need work
Did not do what I thought it would do
Hockey puck wearing a winter coat and the sound is so much better
Improved generation one placed correctly
Handy, affordable, one in every room
Helpful Dot
You never stop learning with Alexa
Best Thing Ever
Fun device
Best gift ever!!!!
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Great Sound!
Better than the last one
Delayed response from Alexa
Blows away the competition
Easy to use!
I love this little thing.
Love it
Great sound for a compact device
No instructions just downloaded that app but the app doesn't tell you anything
Great addition to your home
Impressed with the Updates!
Very good speaker for the size!
Maybe not
Amazon echo dot
Alexa is my go to for almost everything!!
Highly recommend!!!
At least try this!  It's as simple as just an Internet connection ?
Too smart for its own good
Works ok, not much improvement
Absolutely LOVE Them, but a Few Issues and Wishes...
Great update to the Echo Dot!
Love It!
It must have ear plugs in because she doesn't understand me!
Muffled
don't do it
Well worth the purchase!
gamechanger
love the upgrade 3rd gen
Better than expected, but not perfect
Great sound for such a small device!
Not crazy impressive
Sounds natural
Love it.. Speakers way better than the gen 2
Very fun but doesn't work my TV
Works Really Well
Simple and easy to Use
Easy and Useful
Alexa is my side kick
Love the Echo, we just wish...
Awesome Amazon Echo Dot!
All that and more!
Enjoying my "dot"
Junk
May get a 3rd one
Eh
Convenience is a plus
Doesn't Work with Spotify
I love my Echo 3 generation.
Alexa can play from Apple Music
Excellent product
Very useful when setup properly.
I hate repeating myself.
Great product, but two issues
A great improvement, I think....
Audio issues
Keep volume below 3/4 and we are good
It?s pretty fun having Alexa around
Echo Dot is very versatile
Start to a smart home
Impressive Quality, Prefect For A Spare Room
A Very Useful Electronic Device!
Improved sound
Wonderful sound in a small package.
Huge Sound Improvement
Do not buy!
New improved Dot has really great sound quality!
Superb, wired Personal Assistant
It?s gooder than the 2nd model!
works well, if you can connect
Amazing!!!
Not intuitive, does not serve a useful purpose.
Parents loved it.
So Much Fun!
Crackling speaker
Family time together
Fun to play with
Not user friendly
easy install
Does not connect to Samsung galaxy 8plus or any Samsung device
Echo dot RULEZZ!!XD
Much improved sound quality.
My second Alexa, just a smaller body..
Not impressed
Better than I expected
Great device.
Difference in TAP vs. ECHO 3
Tiny but packs a wow
I am changing my previous negative review.
This Echo Dot is helping me sleep better at night!
Dot (3rd Gen) Good but not the best.
Love my Alexa
A new friend
It Works!
Definitely better than Siri at somethings
Very satisfied
Looks better Sound is better and worse
Much better than the original.
Love my Dots !
Dot 3rd Gen is better
Like my Echo Dot
Disappointing
Great little device
Worth the extra ??
Four stars only because i haven't had it long enough
Alexa is my homegirl
Needs help understanding simple sentences
Alexa be the GIRL!!
Life just got that much better.
A great music, news, information, all around helper..
It put me up on my feet, singing and dancing, top of my lungs. For that, I am grateful
Just don?t waste your time with a hassle
Doesn't hear me well compared to its older version
Amazon Alexa Echo is acquiring new skills and abilities everyday
HUGE Improvement over Gen 1 and Gen 2!!!
Good quality, overall good value.
Not recommended by me
Will not connect to Wifi
Cute adult toy
Very helpful and now affordable
No reason not to buy this.
Love this new gen!
Ordered for the Teens
Good!!
It's OK
Make sure systems are fully compatible.some say they are but you LOSE functions.
Music to my ears
Works.  Couldn't find better price (2 pack better than buying singles over time).
4 stars
Speaker is failing in first week
Sound upgrade from gen 2 echo dot.
Alexa<Google
A little laggy
The Echo Dot is a great buy!
Very Easy to Set Up
You can?t go wrong with an Echo Dot
so quiet
Emergency contact for seniors or health challenged homes.
It's a fun devise
It works
Highly reccomend
I would recommend
Great Deal! Great Sound!
One is not enough.
3 Month Warranty - Don?t Risk It!
Sometimes weird
Favorite thing
Pretty impressed !
Alexa is awesome
Excellent Sound Quality !
Great...until...
Offline issues.
How did we manage before...very pleased!!
Great product
I ask Alexa about weather every morning.
Better than ever.
Love it!
New but not all that.
does cool stuff hands free but...
2nd gen dot is better
Meh.
Computer, Turn on the lights!
Deeper base/clear loud speakers/looks great!
Over Rated
Alexa voice sounds muffled
The Echo Dot 3 is awesome!
Perfect for what I want and a little more
Much to do about nothing.
They Just Keep Getting Better - Awesome sound quality!
Is Alexa the Future? Tune in next week and find out
Why is the second generation better than the third generation echo dot
Excellent sound quality
Major Improvement
It?s great for the cost
You don't need it, but it's nice to have anyway.
Meh.
big improvement
propelling larry into the space age.
Much better quality than second generation.
RIP OFF
Don?t buy it. Major disappointment.
Better Sound Quality
Like It
The Future is Now!
This one is much better y?all.
Perfect for the bedroom.
Better than expected
Perfect for what it is. Not the choice for music quality. A great little companion.
Best Voice Control
Freebee with Sirius
3 stars
The Echo Dot and Alexa are among my favorite things.
Almost perfect!
Nice Sound
Already paid for itself!
Alexa
Sounds really good
Works great, very good sound quality for such a small speaker.
Really great device
Nice improvement
I love this echo and alexa
2nd Alexa, 1st Dot
All new dot
Small, Superb, Smart Speaker.
Great sound. Connects instantly to radio.  I ask Alexa to find kcaa radio.com!
Great sound
Great Improvement!
Works well and worth the price
Great application
Have to be a genius to use it
Love Alexa!
Sounds better. Still doesn?t hear very well.
Amazing product!
Echo Dot is Amazing
Impossible to set up! App is worthless!
Great device!!
Excellent Device
Echo dot is a must have item.
Truly Life Changing!
Overall great! Better sound quality, audiobook isn?t worth it
we use it all the time still!
Alexa remembers a Lot
Handy little Alexa!
Great device.
Big improvement over 2nd gen
Good sound, poor voice recognition
No longer uses usb power like the gen 2. Another ugly power brick on the wall.
It pops on a lot lately for no reason
Very impressed!
I love it but my wife is paranoid
Wasn't Sure I Would Even Use It But I Keep Finding More & More Things I Can Do!
Buy more than one!
DO NOT BUY!
Voice as an angel, dumb as a rock.
Not the WOW as I expected
total waste of my money
When it hears your directions its great!
Does Alexa hate me?
Microphone Not as Good as Gen 2
My Newest addition
The Amazon Echo series is the best!
Nice sounds for small unit!
HORRIBLE
Life changing!!!... for me ??
Outstanding!!!
Totally Buy It!!!
FUN and Easy to use
Works Fine
Loud and Clear
I LOVE IT!!!
Not so easy to get started
So great I bought another one!
Love the Echo Dot!
Sound is muffled
Great for music but....
Works as expect  - Excellent
We Love Alexa
Good product
Best smart speaker value
Love the dot
Great Christmas gift for regifting!
Fav thing is lists that are saved!
Great little white DOT...
Big sound, small package
Fun Item
Must have for any student!!
Good, not great
Echo dot means fun
Creepy
Best spur the moment purchase I ever made!
Great reception and sound. Difficult installation
Wow, just. wow.
Do it all with your voice
Enjoying
Surprised myself
I have no idea, I plugged it in for a minute
A Real Bummer
Pretty cool
Good sound
small but mighty
Very useful but beware of eavesdropping
great echo sound, all around the house!
Great!
How to use the features of the dot easier
Muffled sound compared to 2nd Gen *Updated*
Way better than previous versions
Nice Improvement Over Previous Dot
Nice.  Bigger louder speaker.
why waste the money?
Way better than Google home!
YUUUGGGGE upgrade to sound quality from gen 2!
love love love
Great voice recognition and easy set up!!!
First Time User of an Echo
Alexa, where have you been all my life?
The future of home management.
Echo Dot 3 Smart Speaker
I use Alexa practically everyday.
? Mad love
Does what it is expected to do.
Great improvement in sound quality.
Surprisingly Helpful
Great device, but usability needs inprovment!
HORRIBLE PRODUCT FROM WORSE COMPANY EVER / WONT LET YOU RETURN CRAP ITEM
Awesome new dot!
Sound is clear.
Amazon you did it again this is great
5 STARS!
Unit doesnt hear your requests
Fun to use!
Does Multi Room Music really work with echo dot 3rd gen ??
New Echo Dot
Good but also disappointing
Love my Echo Dot!
My Sixth Dot
Purchase an echo dot
Inexpensive smart assistant
Adding dots to rooms is worth it.
Much much easier better, dump your old one
Uses alot of data
Little package big sound
Lot of room for improvement in the speech recognition system
2 star
Very cool. But you'll need a subscription service to have Alexa play music for you.
Maybe I'm too used to the 2nd gen.
Speech is unclear
Echo three informative, and fun.
Alexa is always listening
Great little device at a very low price
Great product
:)
Kid friendly
Love it
Great Speaker Sound
Love it!
Sound is so muffled
Very easy to set up sounds great works great price is good
Best purchase!
Everything is great but just one thing.
Great Product
Obsessed!
Ok
Great for smart home integration!
A back up for quick 911 help and other phone numbers called
Love the new generation
Two out of three arrived broken!
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is quite a lady.
Elegant but tricky without the User Guide
Pretty Cool!
Morning Cup O' Joe & My Echo Dot
Better than I Expected
This Has Replaced My Phone At Night
I should have bought it long ago
Nice addition to the house!
Amazing Functions, but not so great with Apple Music
it sounds better than the second generation and looks better..
Makes my life much easier with voice command
Sound Quality Much Improved
Gen 3 much improved
Poor job at recognizing various things
Echo Dot, something for everyone
Great product
It is supposed to be easy ... It is not
I love it!
Nice tool that makes our life simpler.
Alexa
Works well, decent speaker.
Like everyone says- Its great!
Not sure how secure this is
Gave it as a gift...
Love it!
Alexa doesn't know anything
Amazon bias in speech recognition?
I love it!  Also If you have any questions call help  1-877-375-9365 they are great !
Love it
Much Improved Sound
i love my alexa products.
Good
Our new Know it All Best Friend
Unless you only want it to buy Amazon?s music , WAIT TO BUY!!
Works great, but too much bass makes it hard to understand Alexa.
Works great!
My family loves Alexa.
Love it!
Helps me feel safe, and plays my choice of music.
Performs beatifully
Alexa love you only 50% of the time
Great even for a 5 year old
Love it
Easy Listening
Many different uses. News, weather, music & more.
Great little device
Echo Stop...
Loud static sounds when at 75-100% volume
3rd gen connection drops often while 2nd gen never drops
Best smart home divise ever
Setting Up Can Be Difficult
A delightful novelty to keep around the house.
So much better sound than the earlier model
New Dot
Best Dot Ever !!!!
Great Sound
Great Sounding for Its Small Size
The sound and volume are great on the new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) .
Heavy on the WOW Factor
New Echo dot 3d gen is of excellent quality responds well and easy to install.
Echo third generation
Hey Alexa!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) with Alexa-Sandstone
Could not love more!
Dot hits the spot
Echo Has a "Prime"ary Problem
Still trying to get the hang of this
Newer dot less capable
Awful speaker quality
answer
All but Perfect
AMUSING
Great product at great price
Good speaker
Great Speaker!!
Echo Dot
Cloth muffles the sound of the speaker.  The microphones are weaker than gen 2 dots.
Alexa is a great tool
Sounds great but had a scratchy glitch I?m monitoring.
How did i live without this for this long?
Not smart speakers at all
Audio is 2X as good as the old one
improved sound
Amber light constantly pulses
Big technology in a small Package!
I was Impressed but...
Nah. Pass
This little speaker surely packs a punch!
Ok for playing music. Might be better if I could figure out how to Bluetooth it to sound system
Looks great but sound is very staticish!
Love
OMG.  We had a blast...
Echo Dot 3rd gen
Had a first generation and this replaced it
MUCH BETTER SPEAKER than the old DOT
Amazing!
Not that well when you talk to not and in of  microphone
Dot family
This thing is great!
meh
Keeps getting better generation by generation
It's good but not good enough
Such an upgrade from the 2nd generation dot.
Flawless setup
Have You Thought of This?
Pretty cool
First Impression.
Almost too good?
New and Improved
Very good!
Wonderful, stupendous, and magical!
Fun accessory.
Go for it. Such an improvement on 2nd generations
Richer Sound
Definitely improved over first two version
Fun intro to home automation
Broken on arrival
Convenience and user friendly
Amazing
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!
Easy and handy
awesome from room to room
Love these!!
Excellent sound
Love it
Great replacement for first gen echo
Definitely an upgrade from the 2nd gen echo dot
Worth the value
Improved sound from the new speaker
Great home companion for the price
Love my new Echo!!
Alexa, 3rD generation worth the wait.
Great but your kids will drive you crazy with it.
Vastly improved over Gen1
Love it: so much better than the 2nd generation
Love it
Decent for the price
Echo Dot --  Good, but Not sure how good yet
Oh... she's good....
Don't know what took me so long to finally get this!
You will have to buy some CDs twice to get them on your Echo
I Love It--But...
We love our Echo Dot(s)
Having fun
So Great I Had To Get A Second Echo!
Life can be a little less stressful with some help at your fingertips.
Looks Bett, Sounds Better
Speaker is the weakest point.
Extremely simple to use, just need to download alexa app to connect it to your wifi.
Christmas gift
Happy I upgraded my 2nd gen
Tiny but mighty!
Good device but it can be more smarter.
smart
Nice
I like it!
Echo Dot (3rd gen)
Gen 3, more than a pretty face!
not worth the loss of the power
Great speaker on this 3rd Gen DOT
Reliable and useful device
Absolutely LOVE it!
One of my best purchases of 2018!
Great device, Alexa is awesome
A magical device
Great digital assistant!
Alexa is part of the family
Hi
Fun With Alexa
Nice look, but sound eeh!
Stopped playing music after 1 months and hasn?t worked since.
Don't waste your money
Not that good
Super easy to set up!
Not as reliable as the 2nd generation..
Like it
Alexa is faster than searching on Google Chrome!
My first Alexa Product = GREAT!
Great sound!
So much fun!
Not bad but a lot of improvements needed
Great little unit for the Sale price.
I love it!
Echo Dot review
Echo dot perfoms as well as the larger Echo family members
Not happy with the device
Huge sound improvement over 2d Gen
Amazing product
Not bad, for the price.
what a gift for my bed bound husband
Great item; first Alexa device
Surprisingly valuable home tool!
Works Like Magic!
Proprietary cord instead of USB :-(
Improved Speaker & Stereo Pairing
Works great.
Packaging a Joke! Was this a prank!!! Amazon is so inconsistent!
So dissatisfied
Favorite
Who doesn?t love an Echo Dot 3 ???
Works pretty well on wall hanger
Arrived as described.
Hard to understand Alexa.
Difficult to set up initially
dot needs dotted
Horrible Sound
Device sound quality horrible after 3 months of use!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Great sound for a little speaker
Somewhat simple to integrate.
What's next Alexa?
Alexa is not very smart but good for music and weather updates
Simple, straight-forward
same as 2nd gen, do not understand my request
Great addition to our home
Don't know what I did without it. Seriously.
Boy have I been missing out
The most useful thing.  I love it!
Wi-fi troubles
Louder! And better design!
My dog ate it
(((Stereo))) Pairing is GR8
Echo dot 3rd gen
Best thing ever!!
my special helper
Set up took forever
Good but...
You know you want one. Get it!
Better than a Bluetooth speaker
For simple questions and music it's nice
I bought one and had to have three more
do you need it
Alexa Suggestion
Super useful and fun
She cannot hear you very well compared to older Generations
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Totally overhauled
Decent sound and affordable.
Easy setup, works as advertised
Great product
Nice improvement!
What is that high cracking tone?
The quality of sound is fantastic
Beyond expectations
Love it!
fits seamlessly into my life
Switched to Alexa from my Google Mini
Who knew Alexa could be so much fun
What great sound!
How did I ever live without this in my life?
Great Improvement Over Gen. 2 Dot
Having fun with Alexa!
Kanye shrug.
Alexa Doesn?t Like Me!
Just added my 2nd Echo Dot
I love this little wired tap ?
I absolutely love it!
LOVE!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Cool tech !!!!!
Needs More Functions
For me it's the  time.
It's good but
Couldn't tell the difference
One fancy pucking device
Overated itrusive and biased device
Great gadget
A long way to go.
Great product!
Know what you're getting
I never thought I'd get one of these things but..
Experiment That Came Out A+
Should have got it sooner
Everyone needs one
Works great
Amazon got me again
Perfect
True Plug & Play
Didn't work for me.
great sound on this 3rd gen model
Works well!
Verry much improved sound quality
2nd one
speaker blew out after less than 3 months
Much better than the earlier Dot
I went from 1 Sonos to 4 echos and no Sonos.
Must be set up with adult account
Is an average Smart speaker/player
Gen 2 was better.
happy with echo
MANY POSSIBILITIES IN A SMALL PACKAGE
Good sound but no Qnap NAS music streaming
Sometimes Scratchy Sounding
Easy to use!
Great for Users New to Echo
Great except she can?t play music
Great for bedrooms!
Best alarm
Love it....
speaker is already blown after only a couple of weeks
Great as an intercom system!
Impressed
Amazing quality, superior sound.
Good product.
amazing product
Hello Alexa
Echo....Not Sure!
My fifth purchase of the Echo Dot 3rd Gen AAA+
Application Critical to Installation
Decent speakers,  Easy to use
works just like 2nd gen, with much better speakers
Love Alexa!!!!!
Love it!
Very impressive
Echo Dot
LOVE THE DOT!
Awesome addition to my home
I love it!
Would buy again
Echo Dot 3rd. Generation
Great product
It just sits there.
Great update to the Dots
Works as Advertized
Great addition to any home.
Pronouncing out
Small but has decent bass for a little smart speaker
Not working properly
Worth every penny
A great household addition
Has a better quality sound than the earlier models
My New Best Friend
Upgrade a must.
My first Echo.  Probably not my last.
thought they don't work changed my opinion
Awesome
It's Alexa, it's awesome!
Gets the kids out of bed.
Surprisingly good sound and mic
Waste of time.
You must try this echo dot
Was ok seems to be getting dumber
Just another revenue stream for Amazon
Echo Dot
Great upgrade from prior version
Favorite Thing!
Always Need Weather Info
If you love the previous Echo?s you must get this new one!
Sound quality is amazing!
Way better than the original dot
I love it!
Pretty cool
ALEXA I hear you
It understan Spanish!
Great if you have small kids
Improved speaker and sound.
Love Alexa and The Echo Dot!
NO APPLE MUSIC
WOW
My new best friend
Solo funciona con energ?a el?ctrica
Echo Dot 3rd generation
Generation 3 definitely better than generation 2 sound-wise at least
PERFECT for the infinitely curious!!
I expected better quality.
Great
Medical Alert Alternative
LOVE IT!
Fun & Entertaining
Alexa
3rd Gen Echo Dot
Odd problems at times
Unless you know a lot about electronics, it is good to have someone to help you set this up.
Better than gen 2, better than Google Home.
?+? button broke after 3 months
Amazing product.
You have to have a Wi-Fi connection
BUY IT!!
She?s fun and helpful
Great for any kind of home!
Becomes Dysfunctional After Two Hours
Won't turn back on or reset. Customer Support is terrible
Needs way too much personal info to setup
I was sceptical about this Alexa thing....
Everyone loves Alexa!!
Why did we wait so long?
Works great!
This old dog is learning new tricks
I'm impressed with the sound quality for such a little unit.
surprisingly nice!!
Happy 15 Year-Old Daughter
Improved over Gen 2.
Less errors when given voice commands.
Very pleased
Alexa is dumb but music cranks
Works great!
Set up with Logitech Harmony Hub remote
Failing After 2 Months
Great devices to put in every room
Overall an awesome and helpful item
3rd gen. dot pros & cons.
Fun to have.
Great sound for such a small device.
This is pretty cool
Nice to have in our bedroom
Alexa is the best imaginary friend, who obeys your commands...lol!!
Echo 3 great purchase and value
Convenience ?Priceless
Improved over 2nd Gen Dot
great little gizmo
Better Than Expected!
Big features and big sound from a small, attractive, and 'smart' device
Sound quality is a vast improvement over 1st gen.
Excellent
Not bad upgrade, but a bit too much bass
Alexa cant learn my voice
My new little friend has many talents.
Security and Good background music
Alexa great while in the kitchen
Works Great
45 Watts required. No USB Power
SORTING TO DO LIST
Cannot say enough of how much I LOVE Alexa and Echo dot!
so easy to use and kids/adults LOVE
Love It
Surrounded By Music!
Echo Dot (Gen 3) easy to set up and works as advertized.
Confused
Great sound quality ??
Great device. Love having it. We have 4.
Very cool highly recommend
One Downfall
I have never seen....ridiculous...
Way louder than Gen 2 Dot but has some quirks
Great value/ This is the Gen2 it has a built in speaker not like Gen1
Christmas Gift... Still Working with it
Work well.
Awesome sound quality and built like a tank.
Sound quality improved
Prettier, but worse sound quality from gen 2
Alexa Hard at work example Video
Great upgraded sound!
Great little device
LOVE MY ALEXA DOT!!!
I love my Echo 3!!!
Adds to the house
Great product to have in home
Update process is unexpected and affects speaker performance
The Right Gear!
Best Dot yet!
Great little devise
Great technology addition!
Echo Dot - Partially successful.
wonderful addition
Love the upgrade
Don't waste your money
It is not power Wireless!!
It works as espected..... and more
Alexa and Echo, Our new toys
Easy Set Up!
Amazon could do better
Best Echo Dot yet!
Great In Home Resource
Echo Dot's Alexa is the best
absolute fun!
Filled my home with these, dumped my google home.
What a wonderful gift this was!
Good Deal
Love this thing!
Good sound quality for small device!
Very enjoyable and great item to Have .
Works good, too much bass
Me Like
better than I thought
So Far So Good
Huge bummer
This thing is awesome!!
Much much better sound
It may sound better for music, but Alexa's voice is not nearly as clear.
Great!!
Alexa: Write this review for me
Great Product- POOR packaging
Good for my office
Sound is so much better!! Must get!
Way better than previous generations
Price is great so we upgraded G2 to this G3
Love the echo
Awesome sound quality
Simple and convenient
Love it
There is no plan if you want just two streams.
For a senior Alexa Dot is great
NOT AS SMART AS SHE SEEMS
Helpful and Easy to Use
Thank you to whomever create this
Perfect
Incredible sound!
Microphone issue.
Alexa is really helpful but be ready to purchase add-ons for extras
Not necessary, but very cool.
Very good sound for such a small speaker
Time for another Amazon device in the house
Compact, convenient and works great!
Good price for quality
They SUCK when paired with another Alexa device.
Make my Life Easier !
Wow!
Love my echo's
Efficient and fast.
Love the 3rd Gen
Great Sound Quality
Hmmmm
Location, Location
Response is better than husband and grandkids!
Great Size
Love! We have several
Junk
Works Great for Me
Need one for every room!
Big improvements on sound, mics and looks (design) ..!
Easy and helpful
Works Good
We all love it!
Mystery Caller
Apple Music Quit Working and It?s Been Weeks
Satisfied Customer!!!
Was coming from China
really fun
Hard to learn how to use
Even the teens like it
Great sound!
Better and getting bigger ..
WOW...Cool!
Good
Amazing sound improvement!!!
Alexa knows
BETTER!
Nice Toy
Love this!
Get the 3rd generation
Great Design
Alexa is like
Amazing in the begining but not for long...
A necessary and noticeable improvement!
The sound is amazing!
Great Upgrade!!
Love Alexa
Great device for Xbox One!
Wow!
Alexa is actually pretty cool
Surprisingly nice
Mic weaker than Gen.1?
Sound quality is amazing.  Best $29 I ever spent!
Love it
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Cool device
Amazing! Small and Mighty!
Fun and helpful!
Really like it but wall mount seems expensive
way better than old design
Fun to have but have concerns about privacy
LOVE THE PRODUCT BEEN HAVING FUN WITH IT.
Very helpful and useful product
Best Echo Dot (3rd Gen) Yet
Don?t like
Echo > Google Home
NO GOOGLE SEARCH INFO WITH ECHO DOT
You don't need a smart phone app to set this up.
Sounds great!
Echo Dot Rocks
Compact and easy!
I really like this
Somehow they keep improving this small item. It?s unbelievable.
These are Amazing
Wonderful
Bluethooth doesn?t work- drops WiFi
Purchased as an Emergency Contact Device - is SO MUCH MORE
Get One
Good price, good functions.
Great!
Cool product but both returned for being broken
Very nice upgrade!
Great Device - Lousy APP
Color convert
Much Improved!
Alexa is awesome!!
The Echo Dot is well worth the money.
Surprisingly Better than expected
I love my echo!
Still waiting on it to get smarter
A must have!
Bluetooth pair of iPad/iPhone volume is a fail.
Top notch quality and fundamentally satisfying!!
You have to get the right app.
Not worth the upgrade
A great way to start my day
How did I get along without this ?
Liked it while it worked.
Sometimes it just shuts off but not sure if it?s the device or my internet.
Welcome Home Alexa!
Great sound quality for such a small size
Popular Gift at the Annual 'Favortie Things' party!
Please dont waste your money on this
The soung quality sucks. Pay more for the one with Boze speakers.
Nice cheap extra speakers
Alexa Does So Many Tasks That Make Life Easier and Fun
Love them
Great sound for music lovers
Son satisfied
It?s a kitchen?s little helper
Nice improvement
Improved sound over 2nd Gen Echo Dot
works good
Bad Microphone
Useful & fun to use!
Love the sound and design
Great, but it is hard to wake it up.
trouble
Excellent
Louder than I expected! Glad they added it!
No USB Power
Echo, call 911
Impressive knowledge base!
Even old timers can learn from Alexa
Outstanding!!!
Best one yet
The perfect item that I didn?t know I badly needed!
A great upgrade to the old Dot!
It is easy to set up up and to use
Convenient
Convenient smaller size
It Works AsAdvertised
Great device!
Great addition to my sewing room
Fairly good most of the time.
Pretty cool
The more you have, the more problems you run into
Feels more like a beta product
Shes not perfect but who is...
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!
Getting better
New is not always better
limited searching for songs, returns one choice when playing a title
Second Echo too difficult to hook-up in another room
You have to speak loud and the blue light goes away fast.
Easy setup - nice speaker sound
great sounding
For the price we paid, $30.00, it's well worth it.
Speaker crackles after a few months
Great sound for such a little speaker
Perfect for Dorm
Actually listenable for a stand alone music device.
Great Device with Cute Design
Compact with great sound
Sounds better?
Alexa Changed my Life
Best Echo Dot Ever!
Best Echo dot ever!
Watch for sale and grab them up
Perfect addition
Overall very happy with it
Great Item
Echo 3rd Gen
wonderful sound!
Very nice
Works Great!
Love ! ?
Love the 3rd Gen Units - but no USB is a bad move!
Great Smart Speaker
Does what I want
Sound quality is SO MUCH better than the 2nd Gen product
Bigger than old Echo but just as functional!
Junk you have to scream at it to hear you
Sounds and looks great
Great update from 2nd generation!
Love the Echo Dot 3rd generation
New & Improved over 2nd Gen
Dot Yes!
Amazing Technology
It has a little deeper sound than the 2nd gen Dot
AWESOME!!!!!
Love my Echo Dot
Cool device, learning new things every day
Just another gadget!
Best Echo I've had so far
Easy to Use
Good speaker!
Privacy Issues
Too much base, not as clear as earlier versions
Just buy it for yourself or for friend or friends as a gift.
Awesome
Major improvement in sound quality
Terrible customer service
loving my echo dot
Love this!
Great Introduction to Becoming a Smart Home
3rd Gen Echo Dot is HARD OF HEARING and SLOW TO RESPOND
Enjoyable to use, but musical sound quality disappointing
Great while it works
Better then last gen
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
What's the point
A.I. still has a ways to go.
UGH wanted to love it
So far so fun
Bad product & bad experience
Miss the USB power cord
Cool device!
Changed my listening habits. Can listen anywhere!
Could never get it to stay on the internet- avoid it !
This is both fun and useful
news round the world special news of U.S.A.
Much Better Sound, Holds its Own as a Speaker
Love a Dot......
Make your life easier!
Looks more appealing than the previous models
Great buys, have 4, will be buying more
ECHO DOT IS AMAZING!!!!
Love it
TOO MUCH VERIFICATION!!!
Versatility
echo
Piece of Crap
Great product but shipping takes a long time!
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Setting up a second Echo is easy compared to the first one.
Improved home routines for my family
Great Value for the price
Echo Dot is very nice
Great Update to an Awesome Product
Love my robotic DJ!
Quite simply, I love it
Every time the power goes out, this thing SUCKS!!!!
great for the most part
Very useful
Alexa Echo Dot is awesome!
Affordable and amazing!
Very easy to use.
SUPER GOOD SOUND QUALITY.  PERFECT FOR ENJOYING MUSIC!!
Much improved sound
Why didn't I buy one before?
Very fun tool!
I love the Dot
Good device - bad decision to change the power source.
You will love this device.
New world has opened
Excellent
Love it!
She seems good to have around the house.
Not pleased, like gen 2 better.
Great buy!
Sound is definately better
Alexa is a great addition to our family!!!
Less microphones vs better audio trade in
Echo Dot better than Google Home Mini
Is anybody listening????
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
The sound is better than I expected from such a small item
Worked as expected
Wonderful
Alexa?
?Whisper mode? could be better
Good for every age group
BOOM, BAM, AMAZING
Great Starting Smart Home Product!
easy to set up, very helpful
Sounds great! Even for a little dot it?s pretty awesome!
It works ... but music is very limited.
Does most things
You must have Amazon Family Music
Our new addiction!
Didn't work
great product!
Has great upgrade potential
It?s a great little product and can do so much
I like it, may end up getting a regular Echo
Power adapter no good!!!!!
Fits nicely into small areas
Love this little thing!
Significant sound improvement over the already great v.2
Great improvement in sound over 2nd Gen Dot
Love this Dot
Great product
Works
Smart home made easy
Fun to use!
Attractive, better sound
Great for no fuss, no muss interactions
Pretty cool
Can?t use usb plug anymore, but nice quality sound
Great sound from the speaker
Little speaker with a big punch
Alexa is great.
Compact size, awesome sound
I like the second generation model better
Great Upgrade!
Easy and convenient
Good value
Improved sound quality
Smart home done right!
Won?t connect to WiFi
4 Year old ordered himself and Echo
Don't try to make this work with a ring doorbell
Great Device
Volume Much Louder than Dot 2
My 3rd Dot (3rd Gen) that is defective
Gorgeous design, maybe not as responsive.
BEWARE: Amazon randomly selects devices and LISTENS to your conversations
WOW
Like HAL 3000 if he smoked weed
Alexa Still A Work In Progress
Amazing sound 100 times better than Gen-2
No one needs this product
Watch what you say
Amazed
Excellent Sound Quality
Great
Product is Quick, Efficient and Easy to Use.
sound much better than the 2 gen.
That new speaker thoooo! :D
Fun and useful!
Static noise while listening to music
Still need to yell over music
No internal battery, still pretty awesome
The hockey puck with pluck has matured, and for the better
my new friend
Great little box but will not work with iTunes
In LOVE WITH ECHO!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
I love my echo dot!
don?t waste your money
Great product!
First One
Smart speaker
Less sound sensitive
This things got great sound.
Garbage
Love this!
much better sound
I DID NOT WANT TO GET THIS
My favorite echo so far
BEST GIFT EVER!!!
Is Generation 3 worth it?
Amazon Alexa is awesome
My second Echo Dot
Big upgrade!
Love it
Convenient and cute
A Step Up
Sleek and loud!
How I feel towards the product
Should I buy Echo Dot 3rd?
Multiple benefits
great value
2nd Unit
product is fine
Amazing!
DO NOT BUY INTELL THEY FIX APP
This thing listens and hears better than my partner!
Better than I ever thought
Great in function, loud! ..but mediocre sound quality.
I Love this Dot
Ok Product
Versatile Assistant
Does what is says - litterally
Always works great, now looks nice as well
The best dot made
Alexa Echo Dot is amazing.
Live and learn.
Great sound!
Nice and convenient
Wow
A go-to friend in the house!
I should have waited for these
Echo Dot 3rd Gen harder to use with proprietary plug
clear and distinct speaking
Excellent sound quality
My 1st and only Echo Dot...
My new friend Alexa
Not worth the price or real estate it will consume.
Louder but can?t hear very well
Great little thing.
Slow response time
Muffled sound is irritating
Powerful little Dot! Best one yet!
Echo Dot NO ENTREGADO
Wonderful Gadget!
Took a minute to set up
Neat
MUCH better than gen2
I LOVE this
Great improvement over Gen 2
A Dot that exceeds all expectations
Love it
Don?t wait, buy one
Not a USB power cord!!??? Really!
Amazing upgrade from the 2nd gen!
The sound is awesome.
Works like other dots
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Great Sound Edition
Slow and needs sound improvements
You have to subscribe to Amazon Music to be able to listen to a lot of songs
Alexa, always say her name first ? !
Excellent
Big step up from previous version.
It turned on.
Easy to Use & Way Cool!
Nice upgrade to the old Dot!
Great Sound from a Small Speaker
Awesome
Small size, but retains original Echo performance - love it!
Oh Alexa!!
Not a fan
Great way to use Alexa.
It is interesting. I love it. entertaining, informtive, Answers most questions. Very good sound
You need this
Love it!
Want to know the weather, or how to spell a word, or a reminder for an important event?
Alexa is the smartest 3rd grader ever!!
Should be a smart set up
Works like full-sized
Difficult Setup, Decent Product.
Awesome Robot product!
New Dot is better than old dot
Love my Echo Dot!
She's always listening, unlike my kids!
Welcome To The 21st Century!
Interesting product
Get Answers to Almost Anything
PERFECT.
Great sound, had to buy a second Dot for stereo
A better Alexa
Much better sound!
Fun and practical
Sound is great and looks good.
Great little companion
Pleasantly surprised!
No more yelling up the stairs for the kids!
Much better sound
It a great buy
At least understand what I am saying
Echo Dot 3rd Gen AWESOME!!!!!!
THIS IS MAGIC
Improvement from 2nd Gen
Another Alexa unit for the Drum Cave PA system
Came early and works great! Until it doesn?t....
Another Outstanding Echo Product
Small footprint, big techie device
Gotta try it
Definitely better sound then the 2ng gen!
Works Perfectly!
My new Echo
Improved Sound
An amazing addition to the house
Good with few limitations
for 30$ a MUST HAVE ! if you like music
Not impressed
Echo Dot
makes you want more
Definitely worth upgrading
A MUST BUY! My Fav at the moment!
Embrace technology  even if you are 67!
Staple
Best gift idea for myself ever!!!!
Love this little lady!
Why is this happening!
Easy Installation
A great update form the original echo dot
Great speaker for use with Alexa in every room
Definitely Better!
No issues so far
So far we are happy
Great device 1 down fall
Beyond happy!
Very Convenient After Set-Up
Extremely difficult to setup.
Waiting for update to wake word response
Much better than previous Gen
Christmas Gift - Love It
No headline
Substantial improvement in audio quality and speed of response.
She's great!
Love all the features
Amazing device!
Great gift for a techie or new home owner
Make it so u can use on line or off line
With every penny if they'd maintain the same pricing!
Alexa, a household essential
looks nice
good resource at hand
Give it a try-well worth it!
Overall, it?s a great product.
Dots
Handy but not great sound
Easy set up and awesome skills, aka apps within Alexa app!
Gen 3 Dot is pretty awesome.
Echo 2 vs 3
Love my Echo Dot
Great Echo Dot
Convenient
Speaker is already blown after 1-month
easy set up
Hello Alexa!
Works with my Echo
why are you buying this
Small device beautiful sound
It's OK
Unresponsive and extremly annoying
I love her (yes she is a member of the family now!)
Nice device for a first time user
Love this!
It works
Packs a lot of sound in a small space.
You need a good wifi connection
Assistant Assits
Disappointed
The sound is so much better!!
What an improvement
Best echo dot yet, sound just keeps improving!
Sounds MUCH better than the previous generation dots.
Light glitches a lot
Much better sound
Love the 3rd generation, great sound
great sound!!
How to spoil your wife.
Great Purchase
I absolutely love it
Not Very Happy
The sound!
Loud and quality sound, way better than 2nd gen
Bought for the kids
Device of the future.
Can?t connect to hotel WiFi?s
Way cool!
Nice Organizer
Great for Gifting
Addictive
Great sound and looks great
Love the Echo Dot..but....
Pretty cool device
Echo Dot is Hot!
What's not to love?
LOVE MY DOT
It was a gift.
Alexa is not all she's cracked up to be!
Handy to have, not pleasant for music.
Why didn?t I buy this sooner??
Excellent sound, easy setup. Vast improvement over previous dot.
know someone who has one
So easy to setup and use!
Echo Dot Delivers
Fab!
Love her!
Good product
Commands, choices and sound
LOVE!!!
Love this device
Better sound
Very very happy
Works great
THIS IS A GIFT
So useful
Speakers sound a lot better then second gen and like the design overall.
Alexa Echo Dot
Works great
The best dot
great sound quality
Wish I could return for the 2nd Gen
Easy to set up, easy to use
My son's favorite
Well Tuned Devise
What she does not know
Some minor issue
better than my echo V2
No issues thus far
Cool beta product - no more, no less
Connects to Public Radio
Very sleek and Innovative AI
Excellent product- recommended
Echo 3
Won?t stay connected
What Fun!
Change the activation word, they have four to choose from
Bad design
I love this .
These things are CRAZY useful.
On demand music is my love
Good sound for a little speaker
Set up was a pain
Easy to install and set up & Very Functional
This is an awesome item at a great price!
Nice loud sound
Doesn?t hear you correctly
Awesome and a little reluctant at first...
Amazon Does it Again
Sucks!
Love that I can listen to my Audible books anywhere
Dot 3rd Gen in Comparison to Echo 2nd Gen
Great Device, Sandstone
Great sound and easy to use!
Mind blown
Easy setup. Clarity and power of the speaker.
I now have multiple Alexa and I throughly enjoy having more than one.
Could not tell any improvement over Gen 2
I LOVE IT!!
Great addition!
wonderful
OK - I'm offically impressed
Great addition
Louder & smoother sounding than older echo!
Compact, Informative and Useful!
Better than 2nd gen., but not worth updating to
Great Device
Impressive Speaker for the price
Versatile, good for all ages
Great upgrade!
Love it!!
Sound quality
I just needed a bluetooth speaker
New 3rd Gen Echo Dot is really quite nice!
Amazing
Life changing!
Cannot use aux without setting up device
fun to have a second one
Surprised and impressed
nice!  wish it was a bit more intuitive.
Alexa!
Syncing  2 Echo units in one house
Has stereo jack
Amazing just wish it was louder
I love it
Love My Dot!
Love!
Great little product
Very useful, sound quality is good
Pointless if skills can?t be added to routines
Voice commands to Alexa is a great feature- especially in emergencies
Little Dot Works Well!
Handy little dot
Perfect Christmas Present!
Echo Dot is Great!
night and day from gen 2
Much better speaker than 1st generation
A nice upgrade from the previous generation.
My favorite echo uses
I like it
I like it
Alexa can do almost anything
Great sound for a small speaker
Don?t buy the dots as they are unreliable.
Works well for us
Looks great but falls short.
It is a smart speaker and listens to you..
Echo dots are so great
very cool gadget
Powerful tool that makes life easier.
Great item especially for the price!
Speaker Blown
Audio is better than expected
With the upgrade
Great value.
So much in a small package
Love it!
Alexa does not listen
More useful than I expected, world?s greatest kitchen timer
Nice product, but...
Great alarm clock
Privacy
Best Dot Yet
Great New Dot!
Amazon Dot and Alexa are great!
Great sound quality, louder!
Much better sound and an excellent price!
Great technology to have!
Simply awesome
Fun convenience
Buy for Alexa not the speaker
Great improvements from the 1st and 2nd gen
Beautiful sound and look
Want more!
Does not accept commands when it?s asked to stop
Easy to Use.
Still Latency issues.
Not what I expected
Easily out of eye sight.
Nice one, yet could remove restrictions
A very versatile product!
They have way better sound
Got one for Christmas . . .
Excellent Amazon tool
Works great, plenty of volume
Sounds great and easy to use!
Better Than Gen 2 But Read Reviews
Disappointed
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Well, 3rd gen is louder...
Has never worked quite right
Potential pre registration set-up issue
Good upgrade from gen 2
Alexa?s a hoot
More than worth the price
They link together to play in stereo through the house.
Works beautifully!
Better sound quality!
Buy it on sale
Amazon has no solution to this problem
Works Great
Love it!
Sound is muffled, too much bass.
5 Stars!
Great echo dot!
Great product.
Big step up from gen1
Not great at synchronization
makes my dog go into a panic
I?m in love with this thing!!
it's very good for the price.
Perfect for my 85 year old mother
Fun and useful.
So improved!
Coolest little thing...
Great product for a Great price....
Great gift!
Love it..
New Echo 3rd Generation
Love it!
Alexa is awesome.
Pretty cool Gadget it's basically like having your own personal assistant
A terrific  accessory for home
You Are Being Spied On!
The sound system is better
Love my dot... Think the wife is Jelous.
Worth it!
Very nice.
Buy it!!!
echo - make my day!
Grandma loves it, too difficult for ludite though.
First impression is this could be good.
Great sound, but needs better AI and more wake-up phrases.
No major complaints.
It?s okay
Love!!!!
Easy to install
Works Great
Random turning on with static noise
More fun than I expected
Worth upgrading from the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Much better than gen 2.
Better... but not by much
Convenient and Easy to use
Demon?
Terrible sound quality
She's great Company!
Same Echo, smaller package
Crazy New Family Member
Nice Alexa Accessory
Much improved sound!
Easy to install, great assistant
Alexa, hehehe. Glad she cannot submit feedback on me
Not a necessity
These have great sound compared to the older units.
Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Generation a must Have!
Ok!
More infuriating than helpful
stupid f shit  cant play radio.com had to f with it dumass
Just Scratching the Surface!
FUN!
3rd Generation Dot is Amazing
Piece of Art
#voicefirst is the big trend
It Works!
MY FIRST ECHO DEVICE
All I Had Hoped For
So excited and love it!
Not bad
Nice product.
Amazing Sound
Echo dot
Not responsive - locks up?
Nice upgrade in volume from Gen 1
Las restricciones geogr?ficas son absurdas
She listens??
I don?t see any improvement over 2nd gen.
Well worth the $25 I paid for it.
Echo is so convenient and helpful
Speaker isn?t sounding right
Great device.
Echo Dot Invasion!!
Amazon made it even better
Wonder product
Small device, big sound.
DON'T BUY ECHO DEVICES
Echo dot works great with Alexa & smart accessories
Disconnect Nightmare
Impressed.
Instant Gratification!
The many benefits of Echo Dot
Great for on-demand music
Very happy with sound and functionality
Killer to Google Chrome
Great Little Dot
Just as described in the reviews
It's a convenience I didn't know I was missing...
Good product but beware of privacy issues
Good sound quality for voice, distorted for music.
Great product
Pure entertainment
What a difference!
Useful
This was a steal!
Must have for everyone
Not compatible with new Samsung TV
LOVE MY ECHO DOT!
Static
Work good
Easy Set-Up Nice Sound
Excellent routine features!!!
Easy listening and quick add to lists that are than accessible on phone.
It can link to so much stuff around the house!
Very helpful device
Greatest Gadget i own
Alexa Makes Us Smile
Sound improvement is big!
Why did I wait so long!
Fun for whole family
Sometimes my phone will connect to this randomly
nice but could improve,CONTACT ME MAKERS
Truly surprising sound
It?s ok
Echo Dot/Alexa continues to improve
Great little communication device
Love Alexa!
The sound improvement is worth every penny
A very significant upgrade in sound vs the Echo dot 2.
You will get spoiled with Alexa
This is not an intelligent device, Alexa is stupid!  A glorified ?clapper? from the 1980?s
Great sound but different AC adapter than previous model
I really love these products!!!!
Can?t believe amazon make it.
Great sound and good product
Nice to be able to expand the coverage of Alexa.
Echo dot 3rd Gen
love it
The sound is good and it is convenient.
Speak clearly
Worth the hype
Alexa all day
Works fine
This is my 3rd Echo Dot
Great improvement in sound
No problems
Why I/we love Alexa.
The audio great for a small product
2nd one worked
My new friend!
Awesome product!
Love it!
4 stars
It?s like have the size of the dot with the sound of the full sized unit
Much improved over the already great gen 2!
All-new Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
So so
This little thing gets loud!
Great next gen
people ought to stop refering to non americans they dont understand english
Easy to set up
Was skeptical at first and now that I've been using it I love it!
It helps me sleep
Love the improvement on the quality of sound
Shes a dandy!
Great add on device would recommend
Nice sound improvement over the gen2
Easy to set up and use.
I love my little wiretap
Works well
The best yet...
Great sound!!
Great Device
Super Easy Set Up
Not to sure about this thing....
I thought i needed the app on my computer to set it up.
Our New Intercom
You can make a call without your cell being in the same room
Tons better than old version
arrived on time
Surprising Audio
Don?t bother, go with a better model
Newr and Improved
great sound
Love my gift
Very handy little device
Alexa on acoustic steroids!!!
Well...  Hmmm...
Bought 3 units, 2 out of 3 are defective - different defects with each
A couple of issues
Love this device.
Convenient and awesome
Super healful abs can?t wait to use it with other smart devices
ALEXA,,,,,,,,,,,, PLAY 80s R&B,,,, EVERYWHERE... ?
good product
Dramatically improved sound!
Better speaker
Very good sound quality
Apple Music on the echo?
Works great! Shipped quickly and safely.
I like it!
Love the sound
Hits the Spot with the Dot!
She's Great!
A great product for anywhere in the house.
Absolutely lovely
Alexa Dot
Should be able to set up app on a kindle book that has WiFi from amazon to purchase books
Great help...
Good sound
Love it!
Buy if you like repeating yourself.
Get the google home mini if you want to use it for a lot of smart devices.
Great for music, weather, alarms, traffic and general info.
good price
The speaker sounds great!!!!
This version of the Echo Dot is much louder
My second Alexa
works great!
Highly recommend
My Husband
Would buy again
Attractive and easy to use digital assistant
Fun and very handy.
Just love Alexa!!!
Works wonderfully.
It?s entertaining
Returned.
Our family is liking Alexa
Amazing sound! Made with high quality all the way
3 y.o. decides he knows tech enough to use the Echo Dot.
Very good product!
Fun with Echo Dot
Too convenient. I'm spoiled.
Much Better than 2nd Gen
Great gift for the older gen and for all
If you?ve been resisting this product? it?s okay to buy it now. You?ll be thrilled.
Waste of money
My Bet was on Alexa, but Google is better
She's always there
This is awesome
I'm enjoying it
Wonderful alexa
This little dot has terrific sound
Alexa's voice sounds muddled/to bassy not good
Frustrating for me.
Easy!
A handy little tool
Not really better than previous models
Campus Wifi Connectivity issues and Sound Quality
With your Alexa app you can turn your lights on at night before you even enter your home.
Love love love this new version - great addition to my house ? music in almost every room! ?
Speaker Blown with Modest Use within 90 days
Works well with speakers.....
I do not like the way my package was delivered!
Kind of a novelty but I like it
Excellent!
Love my echo dots
Love it!
We love our Echo dot
A little glitch but easy fix
Heavy Hockey Pucks with Good Sound
Echo starts my day.
Easy setup. Lots of uses!
I wouldn't buy again.
Better than 2nd Gen Dots!
She is incredeble
The mic and sound are a lot better then 2nd Gen.
Echo makes it easy!
Great product.
No search engine
So useful for you & your family!
Love, love it!
Seems as good as the old one, but inexplicably uses a special plug
Vast improvement over the Gen 2
This thing sounds great
The person who didn?t want it is using it all the time
Easy to use
Great sound
Best thing ever
Fun!
A Cool thing to have!
NEAT
Worth it!!
Love it!
Great!
Fun device too have, and informational
Good audio, Good microphones, Recommended
Very useful device!
Great ? speaker
You've just got to get one or two or...
Great product
Looks and works well.
Great Device
Great but is it worth the extra money over the gen 2
More powerful speaker
It's wonderful
So handy!
Great speaker for music quality, but at the expense of voice quality.
Another gadget.
So much fun.
Alexa
Great product
I enjoy this so far!
Convenient but Sound quality just OK
Lots of help from Alexa. Really enjoying this, need another and some smart plugs
small, loud and badass
A vast improvement.
Next Generation
Muffled Audio.
Improved sound quality.
New & Improved!
love it and hate it
No worse, no better
Disappointed
Hard of hearing
Love It!
Received it for renewing my XM subscription
Noticeable improvement
good deal
The 3rd generation Alexa Echo has a better ?quality? sound
My dot has hiccups
Alexis is notional
Great little speaker
Go for the one that has a screen
Performance is amazing
Best Echo Dot Ever
Maybe in 10 years it will be functional
It works as advertised. No gimmicks that I?ve found yet. Love it.
Doesn't work.
This is a must have in every room in the house.
Sounds great
She has a lisp sometimes
The perfect gift
Amazing product
3rd Gen Echo-Dot
Why did I wait so long!
muffled sound
Awesome. This one gets????????????
It's like having a personal assistant at our beck and call.
not happy with " I don't know"
The Speaker of Death
Great!!
Disappointing
Definitely better sound
Not very smart...
E go dor 3rd generation - Alexa
I think the sound is a little better then the 2nd gen
Great sound quality
Revolutionary!
It?s great!
Not dependable.
Great sound, honestly an amazing value for a smart speaker.
Personal Secretary
Great sound!
Love my dot!
You almost had me!
She needs actually useful baseline skills.  A raspberry pi half the size does more
Better than sliced bread
I never knew just how much I needed alexa in my life!
Great Product highly recommend
Perfect
Great sound quality
Working fine so far.
Returning
Love it!
Just scratching the surface
Works great
Love it!
We love Alexa
I love Alexa
Great sound and like the new look
So easy!
excellent sound quality
Great
Love, love , love it
Good sound quality.
Great, little gadget
Good for a small space
Bought as a gift!
I like my Echos!
Ehhh?
Alexa is maybe schizophrenic and hears voices...
small yet effective
better sound
Love these...
Better than original by far
Good gift for the person who has almost everything.
Amazing product from Amazon
Nice Upgrade From Prior Versions
Was a little hard to set up
Perfect for the bedroom.
Incredible device at an incredible price point
Great upgrade!
If you have the option, pass.
Same story, better speaker
Who cares about privacy, Alexa does everything!
Great speaker setup
Great gift for the family.
Great new addition to the Echo Dot line
Could be better
It?s louder.
Great sound
Great quality for a great price!
Very happy with purchase!
Gen 3 ECHO is Awesome
If you ever wanted an Alexa, you waited long enough!
Above Average Assistant, Below Averege Speaker
Love it!
Alexa is NOT ready....
Great, until the sound begins to distort
Keeps disconnecting from Wi-Fi
I keep wanting to say "Thank you, Alexa"
GREAT DEVICE
Great home addition. Way better than a bluetooth speaker.
Very useful
great sound
Better than what was already great
Easy setup and great sound!
Good speakers
LOVE IT, bigger sound.
Love ? love and is very helpful for me.
Love it!!
It's ok. good for music
Works great
Enhanced Sound and a Lot More!
Works great.  But who needs it?
Wonderful
Great for information and music
Love my Echo
Great sound.  Way better than Gen 1 Dot
Definitely a game changer!
Great Improvements in 3rd Gen
Mixed sentiments
Dot Echo
External speakers
Solid improvement!
Next toy tech in my life!
Alexa is so cool. She can do so many things
Would buy again
In Love
Handy Product!
Better speaker, but worse performance compared to 2nd gen
Smaller Echo, Same Great Features
Love it
Great gadget
6 days later prime.
The sound is excellant
Just buy the 2nd gen!
Alexa is better
Fun
Average
Fabulous Speaker for its compact size.
Works great
Echo dot 3rd version a winner!
Better sound, worse hearing
Color options make it a most have.
best investment i have made all year
It sucks
Very impressed
Best speaker I?ve had
Alarm snooze does not work!  What the heck?
Fantastic home tool.
Works/Soinds Good
I bought two
Great upgrade
I'm enjoying it.
Life changing!
Great product
Greatly improved sound quality
Its Hard of hearing
VERY COOL
Great product, sound can be a little iffy every once in a while.
Nice backup to the Spot
Just not up to snuff compared to the Google HomeMini
Love the new style!
Good price and full featured.
Stopped working i
Works well
Happy w Alexa
I'd like one for every room in my house!
Still a man?s world
A good start but not ready for market yet
Absolutely love the 3rd generation dot
Alexa is so much fun.
Kind of cool
Not worth it
Received as a gift!
Markedly improved sound quality
She knows her stuff!
Love it
Pass your old Echo Dots to a friend.
Echo Fot 3rd Gen is a winner
Alexa. .where have you been all my life?
Sound System Fails after appx 2 months of use
Great deal for a helpful device, love it!
I purchased this to listen to tune in at night. It is great for that and more!
Works great
It?s listening.
easy setup
Muffled sound - Disappointed
Obsessed!
Much louder than 2nd gen!!!!
Echo drop in doesn?t work on all 3 echo dots I purchased
Nice little speaker
MUCH better than Gen 2
Great Upgrade
The sound is pretty good
Great sound, but a bit awkward on the sensitivity
I'm glad I didn't pay for it
Talked Quebecois !!
Great new features
Great device.
Obsessed with it!
Hurray Alexa
Perfect purchase for anyone
LOVE IT
Love alexa
It?s Awesome!
Alexa TiVo and plex
works perfectly other than the occasional static
Do Your Homework first
It can do more than you expect!
Absolutely brilliant
Not as good as the 2nd gen
My dad loved it
Excellent product
Much better than the original dot!
My Mom loved this gift
Handy addition to the family
Better speaker than original
This this is awesome...
Review all information
Not real easy to use. Didn't see a need
Terrible
Amazing sound from a small device
New best friend, Alexa!!!
Better sound ??
Gen 2 has a better reliability
Sounds good,  Perfect for in the bedroom.
My first product with Alexa
3rd gen Echo dot is great!
Great purches! Can't wait to add the sub to my collection!
Good quality, good sound
Best purchase ever
Audio is SO much better than 2nd gen
Helpful little thing ain?t she?
Loving our Echo.
Useful
Better quality and sound.
I love it!
Great sound
Sound is greatly improved over its predecessor!
Amazing
Love this next generation model of Echo Dot - Speaker is awesome
A Gem!
Echo Fun - Excellent Sound!
Sent wrong color, but perfect other than that.
what I expected
Echo Dot 3gen
Our New BFF
Thank you.
Great Sound
Nice gadget, but..
Cool and convenient
Awesome!
Super fast shipping
Definitely worth owning
Multi purposeful product.
have one, gifted 3 Alexas
The perfect device every home should have!
Life Changing Device
Solid choice
The sound quality...
Sound is muddy
Echo Dot Review
Cannot use with Apple Music on IPhone
Music Butler
Works exactly as described
A must have!
Excelente Asistente
it doesn't give you what you requested for.
Love Question of The Day
Very Useful!
This is a really fun item to have in your kitchen or anywhere!
Cheap Way to Add Alexa, Sound Quality is Lacking
Love the sound upgrade
Love the Dot!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Works well with others
Not many accessories for it.
This present made me famous with family
Has a learning curve to know how to ask for things
It?s fun!
Not that helpful
Echo dots
Disappointing
Great tech toy....
Amazing product
Best purchase in 2018
Makes my life so much easier
Had little trouble setting up. But my tech friend from Puerto Rico had no problem.
Very cool
Good for small rooms
The most useful gift I?ve received in a long time!
Much better looking than older models and just as functional as larger models.
Amazing!
This technology still amazes me!
Works well, as expected
Such a great gift!
Baby Alexa
Great for kids and homework!!
This thing is impressive.
Wow!
Very cool technology
Amazing Sound
Teen grandkids love it!
Like the new look
Great Deal, Great Poduct
A great thing even better
The best modern home assistant.
Very good for Echo low price point
The best!
Wow
Iheart radio never opens
Won't stay connected to the internet
Like second gen better!
easy to use
Incredibly versatile
Helps with the little things
Great sound of a little round speaker.
Sounds fantastic!
Love the upgrades
Alexa is the best!
Easy to use and great sound quality!
We love it so far
Best Echo for a small room
Works good
There is an app required to optimize this gadget
What an improvement
Its small and cute
So convenient
useful
Apps within apps smh and nothing really free
nice!
Works as described.
WOW
I thought it was a little better than it is!
Great speaker on its own
Echo Dot does the trick.
Major sound experience upgrade
Unbelievable sound.
Echo Dots
Louder speakers but poor hearing
Great bass on the sound, much better than the old echo dot
I love my Amazon Dot
Love It!!!!!!
Do NOT recommend!
MY NEW TECH HABIT
Alex is great anywhere in the house.
Wow 3rd gen blows away earlier models
Alexa is the best thing since popcorn
Meet the Jetsons, sort of.
Very easy to setup and connect to smart light bulbs
Surprisingly good sound
Life changing
Works great anywhere!
this does all kinds of things
Easy set up
Such a fun thing to have around the house
Works great. Has extra features/commands & games/knowledge I didn?t expect
Nice device
Great sound
Decent sound and good functions
Good sound
Relatively the same as the last Dot but visually nicer!
Great improvement over the previous echo dot
Great sound!
Great item
I love my echo dot.
Realy Enjoy The Echo Dot
Aah, Alexa.....
Missing two echo dot 3rd generation speakers
Maximum Fustration
3rd gen is awesome
Nice
Loved.
Multi-uses for such a small footprint
Where is the music
fun
Second Echo in the house
So far, so good
What for?
Product Delivers
Amazingly good speaker
I love mine.
Cannot get it to setup
Awesome!
"Alexa, play Brown noises." I love my Dot.
Static
Blow Speakers
Nice Upgrade from 1st Gen
Great addition to Alexa family
Pleasantly surprised
Love it so far, one in every room.
Love this dot
Alexa is Amazing!!!!
A daily piece
Alexia is not a dull friend!
little
Really big sound
Better than Google Home
Good product, poor supply chain management
Soumd, quality and price.
No Teenager accounts
Love my Echo!
Functions as Expected
Echo Dot Comes In Loud And Clear
Great purchase.
Won't Play Amazon Music anymore.  It only play iHeart Radio.
Worth the buy
A Blast getting to know her, and how to use her with different things!
Much better audio quality
Doesn't work unless you pay for the service
A amazing device. Fun fun fun
WE LIKE THESE DOTS
I love the 3rd gen dot
Like it . Very good.
No Pandora
Very easy to set up
Good sound, for a small speaker.
Nice device. Nice price.
Good but not great!
Great 3rd Gen Dot
Fun!
Great Little Device
Love it
Wow....junk.
Take your time to learn the device
She?s great I love my echo
Better than Google home mini any day !
it's just so simple to work  with
A must have
Spoons now louder but NOT Better
Great sound and convenience rapped in a small dynamic package!
Works great. Easy to operate
A great product with some minor changes from the older version
Get almost all the abilities of Alexa for next to nothing !!
She aight
This is Fun!!
I love my Alexa
A best product to start with AI.
Very Useful!
Really Cool
Bigger than dot 2, but not as sleek looking
Much better than google
Very Useful
Save your money
Easy to set up and use
Highly recommend!
Nice aethstetic update but bluetooth not as good as 2nd Gen
Improved sound over first generation Echo
smartest thing eveer
Good improvement
Great to have
Love!
Enjoy
Great Product
Meh, no thanks
Awsome
Capable of louder speaker
Just wonderful.
Great for free...
Alexa is good at playing tv shows but not at understanding some of the music playing commands.
Almost 60 Years Old...
Wish it charged like a phone and didn't have to be constantly plugged in
It is functional
Has brought huge joy to an elderly woman
Love it
Good product but something is wrong with sound
Girl named Alexa
Upgrade was well worth it!
My second Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Pretty good
Alexa Eco Review
Nice little addition!
The sound is much better than the second generation !
Excelente producto.  I love Alexa
Great item to have in all households.
Loud!
Love Alexa!
Efficient.
Lots of fun
Just as expected
Love this in my kitchen.
Amazing sound, big upgrade from gen2
Love it
It's ok
Exceeded expectations!
better
Easy to set up, great sound
Not the piece of cake set up
Great device
Poor product
ECO Dot 3rd Gen Review
A bit disappointed!
Not impressed.
Great value For The Price
Great for adding to my shopping list
The echo dot is fantastic!
Love my echo
Great Sound, Great for Keeping Family Connected
Great device
so so microphone
Love my dot
Does not know everything.
Definitely louder than previous generation
Love my Dot!
My Ecko Dot 3rd generation
Great product
Alexa needs a hub that supports Zwave
Simple.
Disappointed/discouraged
Echo Dot 3
ITS FUN AND IT TALKS BACK
I really like it.
Loving it!
Nice but stereo doesn?t work with Bluetooth connected devices.
Seems good
works perfect, super responsive
Great Sound
Has ignored verbal requests twice in the first week because of connection issues.
Great in Broadband, May have trouble maintain connection in dsl.
Love the hands free phone option and weather check
Better sound, ok microphones
Grandma is LOVING Alexa
Loved this item
No help feature in the book or the web page.  iPhone work fine.
Alexa
Nice!
Love my Alexa/Echo/Amazon Devices
Echp Dot (3rd Gen)
Big sound in a small package!
Good product but prefer google home
Is Alexa, but
Streaming limitations I f you have more than one Echo,
3RD Gen a lot smoother!
Not useful as I expected
So easy to use
Much Improved Over the 2nd Generation
Great Product to have in the house...
Love be the new Alexa!
It's ok...
Overall we love it!
Works good
Very pleased
Recommend
News on the go.
Alexa is so fun!
useful device
Great fun and a helpful tool
Better than 2nd gen!
useless if you dont have a lot of other devices
Upgrade from dot 2.
Soooo much fun!
It?s okay
Great sound quality!
Its worth it
It's not having enough Vocabulary
Very good product
Amazing
Always listening
Great deal!
bought extra
Don?t know how I got along without her.
Great for first time this first time Alexa user
nice sound
design is okay, not as attractive
Nice intro to smart speakers
Not for me...
Pretty awesome
It's fun, not sure if productive in any way.
A Game-Changer
Most improved
Alexa!
You dont even realize what all it can do
Alexa .... you are amazing !
Echo Dot
poor quality
What a helpful tool for daily entertainment!
ALEXA WHAT'S NEW?
Fun, but issues connecting with calendar
Divertido y funcional
Thankful to have!
We love our Echo Dots
This is my first, planning to get more.
echo
Plug is huge! And not USB!
Great sound!
works well with main Alexa
Love it
Amazing !
Easy To Use!
Very easy setup
this one gave me a lot of trouble
Great help
Worth the price.
Freaking Awesome!
Better sound that the original dot
Very interesting.
3rd Generation Echo Dot is Beautiful!!
3rd Echo
Junk spend 1 hour registering device
Fun convenience.
Pretty good!
Love my new Echo Dot
So far, so good.
Looks good, new sound
Ask it anything
Happy 13 yr old
Never thought I would like an Encho Dot
Looks great but doesn't carry on a conversation with you.
Loving the Echo Dot
What's it for?
Awesome Device
3rd Gen Dot review
Wonderful
Better sound and look
Kids can't use with Prime Music
Alexa is not very smart
This is awesome!!
WOW
Love it
Mostly good but could be improved...
Great find
We are Alexified!
Easy to use
Great product that?s actually easier to use than I thought!
LOVE IT!!
Alexa turn on the lights is the best thing ever
What the heck??
Don?t get for sound
My son loves this
I love Alexa!
Huge sound improvement over 2nd gen
Introvert's besty
Wonderful!
Mama's helper.
Not that smart
LOVE!!
GREAT PRODUCT
Improved Sound, Nice Look
Alexa Lights On
A little better than you'd expect
much better than google Mini
Good luck adding devices
Love this , thanks Amazon
I love this great, fun gift.
Need clearer install instructions
Great sound.
Does almost everything
Home theater use
Getting better all the time!
Alexa is our new BFF!
Worth every penny!
Love!
No USB Connection
Great item
Perfect for anybody
I love the fact that it?s louder and bigger butt?
Horrible microphones ? Huge downgrade from previous gen.
Sounds Great!
WOW!
Love it!
Drop in
Fun little speakers
More fun than I could have dreamt of..
Alexa 3gen.
Fine accessory
Amazing sound and so worth it!!!!!
Build quality is outstanding
Nice Echo Dot with better speaker
Love my dot!
Still work to be done.
good
Buggy but dealing with it
Not overly problematic to function
Alexa
Cool device.
Useless if you want family members to listen to Spotify at the same time
Get yourself one !
Love it
Best thing to spend money on for family.
Sound is really poor
Echo
This thing is awesome
It's an exspencive weather teller
We bought for the entire family.
Tinny when loud.
Great speaker
Echo dot
Great sound quality but not that intelligent
Alexa is always working
Our bathroom/closet is actually fairly large, and it works wonderfully!
You?re gonna love it
LOVE MY Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa
A Much Better Speaker
Echo Dot is great for the blind.
awesome
Love my Echo Dot!
A huge improvement over the Echo Dot second generation
Big Improvement
Works when it wants
Sound quality 100% better then v2
SO cool!
Sound great, but function not so amazing.
Great to have
Adorable
Handy. So far. Needs tweaking.
Love it
It is  really worth the pain.
Love it, yet it doesn't do good job with all kinds of research questions I ask.
Useful for blind people
Great Item
Echo Dot (Third Gen.)
Great!
Oh yeah!
The Amazon Echo Gen 3 Gift From My Brother
Should have bought this a long time ago
Echo dot 3rd gen
Move over Google
Call and message feature is a fail.
Sound quality
Definitely sounds better than the 2nd generation.
Pretty awesome.
Good
Something new to learn.
A nice musical bonus!
Good product
Better sound
Best purchase Ever!!
Much Improved!
Alexa, write my Amazon review
flat buzzing sound on "S"
Needs more smartness
Awesome sound and lots of fun!
Now THIS is a bargain
Definite sound improvement
Love our Alexa home
Small and compact with a great sound
Nice and powerful
It's unbelievably easy to set up.
Best Sound and value Echo Dot out there !!!
Have fun with the echo Dot
Alexa is a great addition
Kids love it
Love
So helpful!
Much Improved Sound Quality
Didn't think I would like it.
Echo Dot
LOVE
Good sound and easy to setup
Very disappointed
It was very easy to install the ECHO DOT into the wall mount.
Echo
Shipping was stupidly slow, especially as a Prime member
Alexa behaves well
Awesome Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Nice!
WiFi connectivity
Happy So Far
This product is okay, not great.
A cross between a toy and a tool
Great sound in a little package!
Looove looove
Great little unit.
Love it.
Excellent Quality Audio
Love my echo dot
Great little product for sound
So good I went from having none to buying Two!
much louder snd better quality sound
Awesome
Great
Meh
Love my echo dots!
Works as expected
I love Alexa!!!
I love it
Was mine now wifes
Hissing sound maybe my unit defect?
Getting to know you....
There is nothing hard about installation of the Alexa
More Useful than I thought
Decent upgrade
Tech Challenged
Most of the content unavailable in Caribbean
Perfect!!
Great sound!
This is a great gift. Easy to set up
Much, much louder
Big Improvement from 2nd Gen
Not available without WiFi.
Easy to install and use.
One of the speakers is defective.
Perfect Christmas Gift
Fun to use!
Will not use Amazon music from you other Alexas unless you pay more
Worth every penny!
Worth the price for the upgrade.
Great sound for music.
Perfect
Our first amazon "home" device and we're in love with Alexa
The greatest addition you'll ever make to your life of laziness!
Worst amazon product
Confusing and hard to see dial
So useful!
Less Responsive than Gen 2
This is what the first one should have sounded like!
Fun and helpful
Love my dot echos!
Exelente Dispositivo
Great audio!
LOVE My Dot
Useful
Love Our Alexas
Speaker!
A winner
Great for the kitchen mounted it on the underside of cabinets
Like the unit, Dislike the business Model
Very convient.
I love it.
This dot is great!
I guess you have to learn my voice is getting better and he?s funny he?s great thank you
Great sound
This Is Our Fourth Echo Device
New Version Is The Best So Far!
Love this
Have Alexa in every room!
Was a good buy for free with a discount code.
Alexa, entertain the family
Better than expected
A Must Have
I?m getting one for every room!!
Convenient, but......
the sound is pretty good
Fun device!
Echo
Echo Dot and Echo Touch do not sync up.
Not too bad!
Alexa has a since of humor.
Rich new sound, microphone not so sensitive.
Huge upgrade from Dot 2
Very smart Dot!
Great way to get in touch with your kids when you aren't home.
3rd gen Echo Dot
Love her!
A++++
Do you really need it ?
I HAD NO IDEA
Much richer sound.
this is awesome
I Like Alexa
Not worth the price
Great update to 2nd generation...
Speaker quality is very good for the small size of the Dot.
Absolutely amazing  !!!!!!!!!
Much improved speaker sound and look!
fun little thing
Perfect addition for every room!
Nice addition to current Alexa
New Echo Dot third-generation excellent
Alexa
Bulkier than older echo dots
Must buy!
Fun product!
Very easy set up etc
Doesn't hear well
We just really enjoy this 3rd gen Dot, our 2nd
Tie them together to give stereo sound
Use it all the time!
Echo Dot 3rd G is a fun and practical device
Never knew how much I would appreciate this product until I used it.
I?ve just begun to get acquainted with Alexa, but?
Hello Alexa!
Surprisingly Useful
it's fun to play with
Very problematic.
Echo Dot 3 is a fantastic buy
Nice little device
Glitchy
Amazon Echo Dot is worth its cost...not top of the line but not bottom of barrel either!
Set up is annoying
Sound quality improved but mics aren't that great
Easy for kids to use
Nice design
setup can be challenging!
Love it but a small issue
I love this
Very clear and extremely knowledgeable
Having multiple units is good.
Inexpensive and easy to use
Better sound quality
I love this thing.
good product from Amazon
Cant stream amazon music on multiple echos
Good sound
massive rip off
Awesome home assistant!!!
finally! someone that listens...
Loving it.
Louder, better
I must like it because I bought more.
great speakers
Another great addition
Good upgrade
Great for the shower
Great for what it should be.
Amazon Echo - A great product.
Amazon Music Unlimited Is the Best!
Great device
Good speaker but annoyed with unable to hear my command
Great speaker for the bedroom
Good for home automation and music
Echo dot 3rd Gen Worth It !!
Love it
Love love love
Better Than Original
Very nice upgrade from 1st. gen. Dot
Great access to Alexa
You have to keep them charging while listening
Disappointed At Advertising
Backup needed if used as medical pager
5 stars
I just Love Alexa
Great little product for the money
Excellent
Works like a charm
Enjoying Echo
As advertised
Awesome!
Alexa quality has plummetted
You can use it for everything
Best purchase!
This items works exactly as advertised.
Like it
Spotify connect!! And better sound
I love it
Amazing value and fun.
Better app usage please
Not very knowledgeable
It asks money for every thing. Nothing but a commercial device.
Awesome so far!!
You can turn off the microphone!
What did we do without Alexa?
I ?? Alexa. She helps me and I like it.
Surprisingly fun and useful
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is fun
Never thought I would want or use one of these
My new best friend !
Love my Dot!
I think I'm addicted to these things.
Purchased for listening to SiriusXM in my home.
Clearer, louder sound!
I love it!
Great improvement
Loving Alexa on my Echo Dot 3rd Gens!
Works good
HARD TO HEAR!
Really like this product
wonderful
Love the Gen 3 Echo Dot!
Don?t buy . It sucks
Still learning all the features
Alexa is amazing!
Hands down the easiest gift to give!
The Echo Dot is so versatile.  Great price, great product.
Amazing!
Amazing sound for a Dot
Privacy issues
Viva Alexa
Very good product
It really works!!
Amazing
Still learning
Very useful, and sometimes annoying.
Nice sound
it spoke english for about two days. Now it only talks in spanish.
Enjoying this new "toy".
Love the dot
What's not to love !!!
The Echo Dot so far
I wont miss another appointment again
Echo Dot
Simply a good product that delivers expectations
Our 2nd Alexa
Great upgrade
Disappointing sound qualty
Didn't think I'd want it, but...
Enjoying using the Echo
Great alarm clock!
Great Sound
No longer powered by USB
Ask it just about anything
Compact size, nice design, great sound
A smart device
Good quality
My grandson loves his new Echo Dot 3rd generation
Alexa does not understand me!
The Dot is sleek!
Alexa not up to hype
improved.
How did we live without it!
Echo Dot
Hands free
Convenient to listen to my music
Awesome sound
Such a versatile device! Love Alexa on the Echo dot.
A great product.
Great toy
Must buy
Our new family member!
Awesome sound
Would recommend Amazon Echo Dot! We love it!
Practical and Great
Love me some Alexa!
GREAT!!!
Great new speaker
Good price, always buy on Black Friday!
Love!! But wish shopping list would categorize.
ECHO DOT 3RD GEN
Great sound quality
Love this device
Cute blue  option in any room
Couldn't live without
Small, unobtrusive.
Love it!
Why I didn't get this sooner?
Great device!
Great product
Much improved sound quality!
was expecting more
What I like and dislike about Alexa.
Love this
Alexa is my new best friend.
Making life easier.
Only 120V it won't work outside the USA
Great device and sounds good too for music
Great sound for such a small device.
It is fun and easy to use.
No synchronation.
Amazing Alexa!!
Interesting and really sounds great.
Love all Amazon products but the dot doesn?t respond all the time
How you can connect to all devices
It?s ok.
Placement of the Amazon echo is the most important thing with this device
Nice quality. Audio is good considering the size
Had high hopes.
Love my dot
I love the new Dot.
The size is perfect in that it is not too big.
Not as robust as 2nd gen Dot. Too bad.
Convenient
Great little assistant!
A necessity we didn't even know we needed!
Best Dot yet
I love my new amazon echo dot design and sound!
Love my echo dot !
It cant hear from 7 feet away.. mic is not the best.
Weather in an instant
Perfect at a great price
Fantastic Alexa Device!
It's not perfect but it's ok
Technology is awesome
Alexa seems very stupid
Easy for all agest to use
Bigger and better
Gen 3 Speaker
Big sound, small package
Perfect size. Great sound!
Simplicity is better
???
Great for my Work Office
Love it
Alexa keeps me on time!
Great gift
Good upgrade
Great sounding Echo Dot
Love my dot
Wow! This knows everything.
loud for how small it is
How did I live without these?
Drop in
Definitely the best Dot yet!
I like it
Amazing !
Sleek design, good sound
I liked it
Great Sound
Calling it a "speaker" may be deceiving.
Great Purchase
Good could be better!
Amazing!!!
Excellent item, I need more usage, it is me not Echo
Great Product
Major upgrade from 2nd gen
Good for music but not at answering questions
Would buy for a friend!
Family loves it
Best companion for the house!
Works great.
Greatly improved sound!
Static?
Worth the money for sure.
How did we ever live without this?
Good Improvement
Great new gen of dots!
Excellent smart speaker
Fantastic Device
Good accompaniment to the Echo Show
Easy to use
It?s an awesome accessory to any home !
Great sound!
5 ? sound quality
We Just Love It!!!
how good is the volume over the larger ones
it can be helpfull.
Fun
I use it everyday and night
Love the interaction
Good sound for small speaker
Making daily life easier
One of the best purchases I?ve made love it
Great sound quality!
good value
Be patient, learn how to ask for the task you need listen to suggestions, have fun!
Nice Upgrade
Get up, get down, welcome home
Love it
Alexa >Siri
love my Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Great sound!  I love it!
A must have!
I love Alexa !!
Exactly what I needed.
Amazing how the Echo Dot works!
Great device... Great sound
Better sounding than the 2nd gen Dot
Echo Me
Great gadget!
Installing Echo Dot was Easy
another usless device
Great device
Beautiful look and quality
Easy to setup and use.
A Fun Product
does not really tell su how it works
Good to have,, something different then i'm used to
Loving the Dot.
better sound and respone
Much better than the previous dot
Definition of older words and terms is not known by Echo.
Easy to use
Hello Alexa
Great sound!
Perfect present!
These little guys are cool!
If you don't have one it's a must!!
Everything
Great Echo Update
The Echo
Would buy again
Best Version Yet
I love the new Echo
Stopped working as well
Thanks so much for the dot it's fantastic
Not completely satisfied with the Dot!
App for Android will NOT operate!  FREE is the RIGHT price!  Worthless to me.
This is fun technology
Great product
Quick and Easy information
Sound great!
Music is Great
Great little helper
Awesome and much improved!
Great small speaker
It a miss for every family
Sound is better but still not great
2nd Echo Dot
How fast Alexa executes the command.
As described
Alexa echo dot
Great Speaker
We were having problems with our alarm clock.
I love this thing!
Better than the original! Sounds great!
Amazing sound system for music
Great find
Switching to Google Assistant
I couldn't believe my ears!
Louder, heavier, but more robotic sounding
Love this Dot
Echo Dot
Great Technology
Love it so much I have three!
Controls almost everything.
Will not sync w/o internet.
Enjoyment for things unknown
White noise or relaxing sounds at night
It's like having a very smart assistant always available
Great new sound!
Would like it replaced- customer service won?t replace it yet.
I like it
Echo Dot 3G
Great gift for my wife
New companion in the kitchen!
Better than expected
is it better?
Great little speaker
Great little device
Dont Know What I did Before This
Great new design
Love it!
Meh
Useful
You will be happy with this purchase
Cannot simulplay audio on 3rd gen dots alone
Amazing upgrade
Hands free Alexia
Needed more
Great Alexa Smart Speaker!
Awesome Product
Love this product!
Good quality sound
Funciona en espa?ol en Estados Unidos
Love it so much i bought 3
great resource
Very Impressed!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Very Good convenience Small speakers for Use with Alexa
Love it
would not activate
echo dot 3
Like it
My friend Alexa
So much fun!
Once you figure this thing out its oK
Great product
Junk
Not very smart for AI.
These are great in every room for lights, info, weather, and jokes.
Good
Why no universal charger ?
Works as described and priced right
A bit echoey, but still a good device.
Awesome addition
I always have to revert to typing in my questions
LOVE
Improved sound
I'm in love!
Poor Quality Sound/ Blown speaker
The Echo Dot is the best gift I ever received.
Fun gadget
Better sound quality than Echo dot 2
did not thing about it read follow review
Great Look - But Alexa Seems to Trapped in a Tunnel
I ?????? My echos.
Always impressed
Nice design
Great product, really fun to use!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scratchy speaker sounds
It works great!
Don?t miss the Chuck Norris jokes!
Good buy and better mic and sound
Very helpful.
Great little device to have
Worth the buy
Echo Dot Sound
Much better sound!
It doesn?t work
lengthy learning curve
Pretty cool little gadget
Nice speaker
Sounds amazing! Good job on this one!
Just Buy it You'll love it!!!
She listens all the time.
Yes, you need an Alexa!
Fun and functional!
Looks attractive
Alexa, give yourself a high five
Easy to Use.  Has many purposes.
Good bang for your buck
Voice recognition microphones aren't as good as the last model.
Much improved
Great device!
So versatile!
A great safety item.
Alexa Echo Dot 3
Like but do not love
Great product
So much better than 2nd gen
Kitchen Alexa
She really talks back to you. ?
Great item
It Makes Life Easy....
Disappointing sound quality
Alexa, three generations later.
Great size!
Good buy!
Home automation simplified.
Actually the same product
Not as polished as the Gen 2
Good Design
Much Improvement
My NEW BFF
Echo Dot
Very helpful!
Awesome
Intermittent static all of a sudden after2 months of use
Great for everything
It?s fun to have this
Great addition to the home
The echo dot 3rd generation it doesn't respond as well to my voice as the 2nd generation did.
The audio plug is bent to left making it useless
It arrived on time.
Sound is a problem.
A strong update to the Dot gen 1 and 2
Great sound quality
I like it
She doesn?t reply to all of the commands as seen on tv
Increase Alexa presence for a few bucks.
2nd unit still doesnt work
Buy it you won?t regret it
The speaker is great!
Can't hear the commands, keep the regular dot
It?s great!!!
Probably the best smart speaker around !
Love it!
great!!
Easy to Set Up
I like it..but
Alexa
Lots of hype. But it?s really just an ok speaker.
better sound
It's ok.......
Fits right in.
Great product but a learning curve
Good
Love my Dot
Echo Stopped Working in Less Than 3 Weeks
Very Useful
Get a dot!
Sound quality is good
Love it!
Love my echo devices
Great family gift!
Nifty device
Ease of use
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Speakers blew out
Sounds better, but not as good at recognizing your voice
Take the time to set it up!
Very Entertaining
we enjoy it
Works as expected, but to me it's quite muffled sounding
WOW Love this one better
You can use the Echo Dot without having to buy any other devices.
My daughter absolutely loves it
Great Christmas Gift
Absolutely a mess
A great addition to our house
Temperature when you need it.
Impressed!
5 in my home
Great sound
Love my Alexa
Echo and Alexa are the bomb.
Better sound that previous version
Awesome sound
Sound quality 100% better than 2nd gen dot
Great products
Echo Dot
Nice updated device
More than expected!
Awesome!!!
Last almost two whole months getting a replacement
The recognition rate of the sound of the item is lower than that of the "G" brand.
Great product very cool gadget.
Well made.
Echo Dot - Love it!
Alexa echo dot
Best of friends
Question
I have 2nd generation I'm going to buy this one too for me I bought the other one for my daughter
Great gift idea.
Love
Big brother?s little helper
Alexa is awesome!
Great Addition
great sound !
Better than the previous one!
LOVE THE ECHO DOT!!!
This 3rd Gen Dot completes my smart home!
Beatiful device
Good
Hey, echo you are awesome!!
not the best
Don't know how we lived without them
Amazing sound
Great Value and Sound is great
Already Bought  A Second One
Alexia, tell me the weather.
Fun for my granddaughter!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - New and improved smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal
It?s okay.
Alexa and Smart Plugs - Perfect Combination!
Christmas gift
Way better Than The Last Gen!
Every household needs an echo dot
All good products no matter what.
Great device
Worth every penny and on sale too!
Love the 3rd gen Dots!!
Having fun with it
PERFECT
The sound quality isn?t that great at a higher volume.
Great product
Handy device
Love, love, love
I keep waking up at night because it?s making a sound
losing it!
Great device!!!
This polished version is much improved
Alexa Everywhere!
Microphones does not distinguished very well
Good product
Great Speaker
Fun and works great for setting alarms! My kids love it
OUTSTANDING
the sound is much better than gen2.
Good
Nice to have
Easy to set up and use.
Great performance; just like the photo!
Great device
Got to love it
Awesome addition to the house.
Convenient, easy, and happy I received it as a gift!
Worth the price and simple
I wish I knew about these before .
Love It!
Just as advertised.
Great gift
love the convenience
There was a problem that went away, then comes back.
The ?drop in? feature is awesome!
Echo dot
Very useful, and fun product. 3rd Gen Echo Dot.
Good product.. has issues with WiFi if you use a VPN
Not working like my old Alexs
Very Polite
Love this for bed room
Sounds good but SOO disappointing.  Didn't know Liz Warren's Twitter handle.
Better than 2nd Gen!  ***HERE'S HOW TO HELP WITH PRIVACY CONCERNS***
Love the Dot and its new look, but the sound is still disappointing
I'm in love with this little guy!  Unending entertainment and usefulness.
Slightly louder but not as good as Google Home mini
Overall improvement, but lost its flexibility
Actually impressed.
Works fine -- note equalizer controls
Don't rely on it for anything important
Distorted trebles (highs)!!!
Looks and sounds great!
Excellent!
Multi-Room Setup Doesn?t Work
2nd VS. 3rd Generation Echo Dot
Bad design, IMHO
Not very intelligent and extremely frustrating.
Finally a woman that can be controlled! (Alexa)
Throw any privacy ou the window if you use this device.
The voice response has improved significantly!
Steals Contact Information
Too Complicated for me.
Multi Room Music functionality is completely unreliable.
Louder, but lazy:-/
Much better audio quality!
Juice isn?t worth the squeeze
I wanted to love it, yet the 2nd-gen was better
Perfection!
A HUGE improvement in sound quality from previous gen
Stereo pairing isn't the greatest
Unable to access alexa app
A defect product
Muffled
I Love My Echos BUT I HATE the Problems!!!
Alexa
Fun, intuitive, and the look is sexy as hell!
Great improvements
IMPROVED sound quality/loudness  vs previous generations but still sounds muffled
No es Bueno Para Usuarios de Sur America
Best for home automation and IFTTT, bad for everything else
Worse than the first generations
Not worth it at all!
Unhappy with how the order was processed
Speaker blew in one day
Returned 3rd gen for a 2nd gen because they work/sound better
Terrible and incompetent
Great smart speaker for the price
Garbage!
I don't like how some of it sounds. i.e., Alexa's voice
Issues with sound quality and atrocious Customer service
Really? A proprietary AC wall plug?
Great speaker for Music
It?s not crazy loud, but is perfect for the price.
Do not buy! Very glitchy
Much better sound then the 2nd Gen Dot
Very Impressed, very please with sound and size.
NOT WORTH PURCHASING, BUY THE 2ND GEN INSTEAD
Mushy Sound
Sound :(
A whole lot of "no"
New Generation Has Great Sound
Went from 7 mic array to 4
TREMENDOUS value! Absolutely LOVE my Dot!
UNREAIBLE
Bass-Heavy Audio Frequency Characteristics and Limited Adjustability for Voice / Audiobooks
Not as good as I anticipated
Multi-echo household.. not impressed with this model.
Nice upgrade
One step forward and 3 steps back ... What were they thinking???
Private conversations made public
Love it!
All-new Echo Dot
Perfect
Echo Dot for Amazon Music
Doesn?t understand me 90% of the time
Junk
Nueva amiga!
Que entiende idiomas
Very Disappointed In The Sound Quality. Muddy, Flat and Muffled
I would?ve given it zero stars (UPDATED)
Cool. Irritating. Not sure I'm keeping it. (updated 1/21/19)
Junk DO NOT BUY, can't handle home automation. Weakest link is the system!
Is being too smart a good thing?
Waste of money and time
Huge improvements over the 2nd gen.
THE APP YOU NEED IS NOT READILY AVAILABLE.
Bad distortion after playing for few minutes
My first foray into 'home assistants'...
Echo Dot 2 vs. 3 Review
My first Echo.... 2 thumbs up
Hopefully the Dot 3 is just having growing pains
Badly over-emphasized base
Very disappointing compared to previous models
Don't waste your money.
Assistant that cannot place real phone calls
I enjoy this little dot, it makes me laugh.
Does not work as advertised.
Needs an EQ, Seriously
Horrible! constantly disconnects! pending update
new echo added to the family
Great start to my Smart Home Integration
It's hard to imagine better...
I have many different Echo's and the Dot Sucks!!
Not a fan
VERY POOR sound quality
Great Sound from a Tiny Speaker With the same options of the first gen.
This thing is whack - 2nd generation wasn't crazy
Great addition for small home office or bedroom etc
Speaker Problems and Non-Responsive - Gen 3
Sound is not as clear as the 2nd Gen Dot
No para Republica Dominicana (por ahora)
Sound clearly better than 2nd generation
Not what I expected
Very Impressive and great quality
Best bundle ever!
Seriously impressive for the size
Like talking to an automated phone system.
Great dot
Not nearly as good as previous generation. No need to updgrade!
Stopped working 20 days after 1st use
Won't connect to wi-fi
Echo Dot is great ... just not this version, get the older one
Echo Dot is just the coolest product!
Dumb as Dirt
Bigger but not necessarily better
Far Superior Echo Dot
Google Home is so much smarter.
Echo Dot 3 is Amazing!
Stereo pairing feature incomplete, otherwise a good device
Nicer to look at
A great upgrade or additional device!
Echo dots in combination with fire TV stick
Really awesome sound quality, creeps the crap outta the cats and the husband though
Love the Echo dot, but there is on caveat...
Poor documentation
Just a novelty
Echo...turn on the review of 3rd generation dot
Love this little device!
Very good improvements
3rd Generation...a step up....
The Echo dot is OK for the price, but the Echo is 100X better.
It can't call 911, which makes it worthless.
A very nice upgrade but would have liked to see more than the 3.5 out for older sound systems
Sound issues
False Promotion Advertising
My favorite purchase this year
Alexa, THE Amazon salesclerk at your side
I wanted to order pizza.  Alexa read me the news instead.
Dots Just Keep on Getting Better
Cheerio, Alexa!
Ironically, everything except Alexa sounds good.
Bought one....then 7 more...
On again off again
Read before upgrading
Power Connector is different from Generation 2
There is one potential issue
Garabage software
I can't believe I waited so long to have one of these
Blows the Older Dot Out of the Water
Inconsistent at best
Easy Setup and Great Sound!
This 3rd gen Echo Dot is better for music
Over-hyped, under-powered
Dot vs. Mini
works great so far
Better than previous version
Almost perfect
Alexa's Voice is barely understandble!
It?s a Little Better Than Ok.
Welcome to the future
Echo is a combination of the unit, the app, and Alexa - so just regarding the unit:
like
Stuff you won't read elsewhere
Playing Music
Pretty cool
Sound quality is ok, but there are major improvements
Good improvements over Gen 2! Got rid of the verbal replies!!!
The Devil is in the Details, some stuff you might want to know.
Auto dimming feature for light ring?
So far, having fun, sound a touch muffled, Android app is battery drainer
It's Great
2 Years Later Using Both: Echo is Much Better than Google Home Mini!
READ | My first Alexa product
impossible to understand intercom messages and other problems
Better than I even expected !
The Echo has taught me to hate the name Alexa. Comparison of the Dot and Echo
A compromise from 2nd Gen Echo, but better speaker
Exceeds expectations
Not a huge improvement, but not bad
An absolutely excellent smart speaker with so many great functions.
It's a nice start, may work well someday.
Dead mode - Sorry I am having trouble understanding right now. Please try a little later.
Fantastic technology - but one HUGE flaw that makes it worthless
terrible attention from Mexico if you bought at amazon.com USA
Happy so far!
Works fine for most things, but not for what I actually bought it for.
Much improved speaker over 2nd gen
Difficult setup,  needless other app required for any use
Perfect for voice controlling your TV or firestick.
Sorry Alexa
WOW - I don't give out 5 stars often ...
Cheaper than the competitors and works better too!
Hahaha, where to start...:-)
Love Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
I don't know why I've resisted, I can't believe I'm writing this review :-)
I Love Siri But This Is So Much Better
Love this voice command speaker.
Paired with good speakers, this is stellar for music.
Can't Connect 3rd Generation Dot to my music group
Great Sound, Learns your voice, Fun to Have
Great Improvements to the Echo Dot
echo dot gen 3 way better than gen 1 or 2
There?s a reason why they lowered the price - Alexa is being smothered
It's basically a sexier looking gen 2 with marginally better sound
Quality look and feel, but spoken word audio quality is not as good as gen 2 units
Magic in a little Dot! Great for the family!
Very disappointed
Crazy
Really great, but still has some problems
Doesn't support local music/audiobooks and can't communicate with Fire TV.
Excellent buy. Can't stop at just one!
The 3rd Gen Dot buzzes when "silent"
Nahh
Sounds significantly better than 2nd generation
Best $24 I've ever spent
Occasionally Disturbing Moments
Good Devicel, but STOP FORCING STUFF ON US
Good Product with Some Flaws, But Maybe a Bright Future!
I only regret not buying more!
Yes, yes, yes!
Don?t understand why I didn?t buy one a long time ago.
"Alexa set the bass to 5; Alexa, reduce the bass by 2.".
3rd gen is best Echo Dot so far
Have issues?  Just send it back!
Awesome Product gets even AWESOMER <---- New word but it fits!
I'd say 2x better than Echo Gen2, and 5x better than Show at understanding us
Good device, not life changing
Love this gadget!
So far so good!
It's louder, but ... slower?
Awesome Sound, Alexa Responsiveness - Not So Much
It failed & the taller Echo (older) is a pain
Life changing. I'm thrilled
Verification Failure!
Lack of support w/ Echo team. & Pore English
Why did I wait so long to try this awesome little dot???
EXCELENTE
Didn't take long to break...
As of FEB 3 2019 the voice commands for navigating FireTV are not ready for prime time
Side by side I decided to keep the Amazon Echo Plus over the Echo Dot
The echo fails to impress
I like it!
I loved it so much, I bought another one.
You should have one in every room
Much improved quality over 2nd gen
Improved version of the already brilliant 2nd gen. Echo Dot, excluding the mic.
How did I live without this just three months ago?
Alexa....
AMAZING, GREAT SOUND, LOUD, 3rd Gen Dot, I LOVE EM!!!
Follow Up Mode Does NOT Work When Connected To Bluetooth Speakers
Learn before you buy
Disappointing
As of January 2019, Echo devices are not what the potential leads you to expect
Echo makes life easier and gives a peace of mind.
I thought this was a Waste of money until I got a call
My Echo Dot is so amazing!!!!
Sounds great
Connection issues.
it's ok, but...........
I'm sorry. I'm having trouble understanding right now.
Just tired of repeating myself
Speaker blew in two weeks
Great device!
Good stand-alone BT speakers! HUGE SOUND IMPROVEMENTS OVER 2ND GEN.  But Alexa's not for everyone.
Useful device but sound clarity is terrible.
Features are nice, sound is bad
Good speaker, does what it's supposed to do.
Skeptical at first, but well worth the risk
Do not download the AP fro the App store.
Much improved sound over the 2nd gen Dot
ECHO DOT 3 IS AMAZING!!!
ALL OF US WERE DISAPPOINTED IN ALEXA'S NEW VOICE BUT AMAZON CAME THRU
Useless and NOT Smart
Stopped working after 2 weeks - would not connect to internet any more
Awesome little device!!
LOVE IT!
Amazing!!!! Quite impressive. It is worth the money!!!
some units DEFECTIVE with static noise
Big Improvement in sound quality over older Dot gen 2
Small Dot, Big Sound
Love the echos
less than expected
i did. pre order first my 3 rd. generation echo.dot
A review of the device not Alexa. Microphone sucks... that aside
Easy to Set up, Easy to use - But not always understanding what's being asked.
Much better than the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Has not improved too much
Greatest $30 you?ll ever spend
Amazon Echo Dot Gen 3 - Setup Unacceptable with Samsun phone
Better than 2nd gen, still not perfect
Not Impressed. Very Horse and Buggie.
The sound is OK, but nothing like the much better Alexa 2nd generation.
Much Better Sound Than 2nd Gen
Good improvements to Gen1 and Gen2
Not Ready For Prime Time
It sound ALOT better compare to gen 2
I know Echo Dot does all kinds of things, but I mostly use it for rain sounds
Not So Smart
Brought my old Tabletop radio back to life!
Great AI device. 3.5 jack turns off alexa speaker
I love my Echo.
Fun times
Even better than the 2nd Gen Echo Dot
3rd gen = best yet
BEYOND DISAPPOINTED
Disappointed and worried about the security issues
It?s OK I guess, but nothing to write home about!
great sound but Very hard to enable all the skills except for the very basics.
Exactly what I wanted!
Great functionality, App and Permissions need refinement
Not Ready for Prime Time
A+ upgrade Short on Function
Amazon, you can do better
Great gift! A great comfort! Easy 2 set up
Love it, but will probably lead to world domination.
Just What We Needed
Munch better than older model
Sound quality not as good and not as quick to respond as Echo Dot 2
Huge improvement in construction and audio
If Bass Matters, Worth the Extra Cost Over a 2g
Big Improvement
Audio sounds like it's covered by a blanket
Finally, Someone That Actually Listens To Me LOL
THE ABSOLUTE WORST TECHNICAL SUPPORT EVER
Fun little gadget
I wish I purchased a Google Home Instead!!!
Love my Echo Dots
We love our Dots! This was our second; and our favorite!
A nice Improvement over the second generation Dot.
Great quality and great sound for this third generation Echo.
No Top end. An attempt to create something wonderful.
Missed the mark on the sound
Very helpful and easy to use
Ordered 4, 3 worked, one didn't....
Great product but Alexa has a lot to learn!
Way better speaker that the original Dot!!
Alexa is my new Bff
What a complete waste of my time
Sound Is Terrible - 2nd Gen Was Better
Terrible sound with 3rd Gen Echo Dot
The helper you didn't know you needed
Looks and sounds better, but hardly ever works
THREE FAMILY ALEXAS HAVE QUIT WORKING AFTER ABOUT ONE YEAR.
Great upgrade to 2nd gen!
Sound quality is tons better using secret graphic equalizer.  Alexa team reads bad reviews.
Don?t Do It
Looks great, and can't go wrong!!!
Fantastic product, I want more.
Echo Dot Delivers!!!
Perfect puzzle piece to expand smart home control
Works very well with voice commands. I?m impressed with its level of comprehension.
Strongly recommended
My First Smart Speaker
Alone, it's more gimmick than tool
Attractive with great voice
Awkward, frustrating, time waster
Not impressed.
Kinda cool device.
Much Better than the 1st and 2nd Gen Dot
Worthwhile Upgrade or Addition
I?m buying a second
My little Helper
I bought the 3rd Gen for better sound and Stereo Pairing
Great for anywhere in the house!
Speaker went out in 3 months
Echo Dot Poor Quality Sound and Performance (UPDATE)
Good, with some annoying features
Echo dot not happening.
Made for a Great Christmas
Wonderful improvement but only lasted 2 months Updated
Fun & Interesting Gadget
Yaasssss get it, totally worth the upgrade
An improvement on the last one
On its own, there isn't much Value-Add
Gets better and better
Much more useful than I thought
Fascinating newfangled technology
This is a product that belongs in every home
Love love love
What's new Echo??
My parents love it
Not worth it
Alexa-Good Morning!
This has the worst setup instruction
Product was returned along with ALEXIS in the same box AMAZON shipped it to me in.
Fantstic Piece of Equipment
Wonderful product, and I'm still learning how to use it
Love the New Look and overall build quality. Not sure about the Speaker upgrade.
Negative Star Rating!
It?s great!
Great speakers compared to 1st and 2nd gen
Speaker is now good, great upgrade from 2nd Gen.
Needs some work, but still a better assistant than me.
Required for stereo sound, too loud?
Good product but sound is muffled
Little Dots Made Alexa Available House-Wide
Gen 3 is a real Gem
Alexa is my new best friend
Greatly improved Dot, horrible power adapter!
Better Speaker, Worse Microphone Than 2nd Gen.
Ultimately not much of an improvement
Amazing for the price!
Huge Improvement Over Previous Dots
It's a better DOT...
Very aggravating
Easy to set up and a breeze to use
Have difficulties with wifi and making calls
First Time Owning of an Alex Voice Activated Device
Improved sound over v2
Great for my parents and family! We bought 2 for the home.
An essential device
Not as good as old DOT...
Good, but need some improvements
Great Voice Recognition & Highly Impressed By Its Sound
pairing two as stereo only works for requests made over device over like music unlimited.
Great Device
Limited But Useful
If you've been thinking about getting one of these, go for it!
Like it
The 3rd Gen Alexa Echo is awesome
She's Nosy!
Microphone is horrible on the 3rd Gen vs 2nd Gen
Great product
Not as good as Gen 2 overall due to random connectivity loss
I?m in love! Buy it today-you won?t regret!
Potentially good, but surprisingly lacking
Loses its luster after a few days
Better Sound - Bad Listener
Vast improvement!
So close to perfect
My first Dot. I went and got a second one too!
Functional and Fun!
The sound just crackled at minimal volume!!!
Works great!
It's good, Google Home is better.
Not Impressed
Improved, sound quality different
GREAT LITTLE DEVICE
It's ok
Better than I expected
Alexa Makes Life easier !
Amazon 3rd Generation - Not As Touted in Release
Can?t receive calls. SUCKS. Besides this, it?s good.
Much better sound than Gen 2!
If you like what Alexa can do for you, these are GREAT!
Apple Music is BUGGY! Two Versions of Hardware?
fun
Very handy, surprisingly good sound quality
The Echo Dot 3rd Generation is a grand slam!
She's got me twisted around her finger!
Works OK, but not exactly what I wanted
Not worth the extra cost vs the older echo dots
Amazon managed to improve on the original tenfold.
Feel like I'm cheating on ?..............
Fun, pretty much a part of the family now.
Great addition to older Sonos
Great upgrade from the Echo Dot 1st Generation
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Not intuitive
Do you Spanish?
Very Nice Update
Decent sound - great whole house
Great little device, especially if your thinking about implementing some home automation.
From Echo 1 to 2 to 3rd gen
Alexa grew an Adam?s apple.
meh!
Amazon Customer Service Associate Helped
Not as smart as they make it out to be...
I love Alexa!
Very unsatisfactory
Worth having a few of these in your house
Quantum Leap in sound over 2nd Generation Dot
Stay away fron the 3rd Generation
Better speaker sound but worse microphone
I Love My Echo Dot!
Good updates but still needs minor improvements
Fails to Connect; Then Loses Network Completely and Needs Complete Re-setup
Major improvement from previous Gen!!
Glad I didn?t pay for this
Love, Love, Love
Much better sound and look than previous gen.
Its ok and saves my remote finger for other tasks
These are awesome devices, everyone will soon own these.
A friend
Awesome Little Device for the Mula!
Enjoyable device!
Flawless Design
Love! Way better than 2nd generation!
The best Dot yet
Absolutely useless piece of garbage
So Glad I Finally Brought Alexa Into The Home
Especially Great for me in Recovery Phase Post-Op Total Knee Replacement
Simply refuse to stay connected and play music
Great, but could improve!
Alexa! Where have you been all this time?
Changed power cord!
Great sound quality can use amazon certified smart plugs
Games and skills for every age!
Ok product but not worth an upgrade
Good improvement in audio, but it comes at a price
Perfect Assistant
Super simple to setup
Best Invention Since The MP3
Con limitaciones para uso en espa?ol
The best Echo Dot so far!
Good streaming while using satellite Internet
Fun little gizmo
Worth the upgrade
3Rd Gen is an excellent choice!
Love it - great option for people who live alone to reach emergency services.
Alexa is fun and a little silly. Great games and music!
so far, mostly just for fun
Love.
Perfect Echo companion
Sounds better than gen 2 and fits our decor better
Hasn't been as good as Gen2 for me
Much Improved DOT Placement Issues
GREAT Sound!!!!
Bought two, both defective
New abilities Alexa has learned
Caution
Speaker not that great - But still love the Echo
All you need in an Amazon Echo.
She?s a hit in our house
Sounded great at first! After the first month...
Much improved sound
Best and easiest way to listen to music and radio
3rd Gen Echo Dot Rocks!!!
Looks pretty. Microphone sucks. Stay with 2nd Gen.
Speaker is not as good as the Echo, but good for smaller room
Waste of Money
Won't Connect to WiFi
Great but few issues.
Great update over 2nd generation echo Dot!
Update from the 2nd Generation
A Moms Bestie
Not responsive over time
My family like it
Great upgrade over the 2nd generation dot
Great sound, more depth than gen 2, and more reactive.
bad product
Much better than generation 2.
Better Sound, Small Differences
A must own item!
Nice upgrade in sound
Very Handy
Cool but Could be SOOO much better!
Alexa. She's a true lady
Bluetooth setup, can use 5g, sound is a bit muffled
Super Easy to Start, Skills Linking More Challenging
Just right for our needs and more.
Excellent for Use with Seniors Interactive Conversation and Updated with Reminders
Decent sound, non-standard power connector
New to Alexa but immediately addicted
This is wonderful.
Need to fix the multi-device music issue! STAT!
3.5mm jack output volume is disturbingly LOW
New to this...
Stick with an Echo
Problems with the Gen 3
I prefer it's predecessor hands down. It looks nice but it doesn't sound nice.
Failed in a day
Extend your Ech/Alexa enabled home with the latest Generation of the Echo Dot.
Funny Story About My Dots!
The alexa app is garbage, it doesn't do what they claim!
A Fun and somewhat practical device!
Great job Amazon
What a great smart home device to have.
Extremely pleasantly surprised!!
Improved Sound - Different Power Supply
Big Update from Original Dot
Alexa is FAR ahead of Siri
Not as good as 2nd Gen
Much better sound, much slower response
Bass, more bass and no subwoofer.
Learn someting new each day!
Just like having my own DJ during the Christmas Holidays
Excellent Device with minor Flaws of limited Info
Big improvement
Very Nice Addition to Our Home
Way better than previous Dots!
Getting info correctly the first time
Do Not Miss This Great Kitchen product
Not Portable-stuck to needing an A/C plugin. Everything else is amazing!
The Echo System Does Not Work
Better way to listen to Dot
Great product!
This is definitely the best value echo
How did I live without Alexa?
Arlo owners beware!
Potentially good. Needs heavy involvement to be useful.
Is 'Alexa Guard' really coming?
Worth the upgrade!
Power supply hogs outlet.
She?s always listening 0.O
Love it
Sounds and Mic are Better than 2nd gen Echo
works great nice sound quality
Nicer than the old ones
Sounds better listens worse
Meh
Super stellar Sonic hearing ability never fails to amaze
Spotify Premium Required to use Spotify
Good way to help children with routine
Static Speaker
Here are some audio enhancement tricks...
Love my echo dot!
What happened to QC Amazon?
Reminds don't work
Disappointed!
I love it
Slaying Dragons while cleaning the house , Alexa can do that !
My life will forever be changed.
Nice
Good for baby's room
If you don?t have one, get one.
3rd gen keeps disconnecting from WiFi
Set Up a Pretty Good Home Surround Sound
Why should I stay with Echo?
Only as good as Siri. lol You be the judge
Definitely better sound quality
Great Job Amazon!
DAY 2 w/ Echo Dot and I Love It So Far
Not good for medical reminders
SOOOO COOOL!!
Impressed!!
Absolutely LOVE this thing!
Pretty rad
3rd gen dot
Beautiful Product!
Don't bother trying to find Voicecast!
Does what I wanted it for -Ask My Buddy
I like it. Dynamic bass according to volume.
Nice step up from 2nd Gen
Couldn't love this more!
Must buy.
Great Functionality and Sound
My home is getting pretty smart by the day.
Doesn't like auto channel on 5ghz
Not what I expected, but great potential
Frequent disconnects.  Marginally better sound than previous Dot.
The product is good by itself but needs improvement!
Brand new defective 3rd Gen echo dot replaced with a refurbished one
Love it - hope it lasts
Inferior to google home.
Alexa is great!
Nice Additions!
Has better speaker than the earlier gen 2
Great speaker, Love the Echo Dot
Great addition
Doesn't work
Not much different other than a few new issues.
Looks nice, might not hear me as well as our older version?
Spontaneous kitchen dance parties up by 100% !
Nice improvement
3rd Gen Dot is Fantastic - Nice job Amazon
Gotta get the hang of these things!
Amazon fix
Broke all my Wemo connections )-:
Poor performance
Better with multiples.
Sound Quality Much Better than 2nd Generation!!
Did not make me want to learn more about it - a neat little oddity
Kids are Obsessed
Good Voice Command Features, Not So Great Speaker
Usability could be better
it is small
Improved sound and package with same great functionality
Google Home is better
Man, does this thing use a lot of bandwidth!
Very dissatisfied n
Family friendly!
New and Improved, but less universal...
Eats Gen 2 Echo for brunch, it's no full-sized Echo (and that's ok)
Great speaker and responsive
I love my Echo Dot(s).
can't listen to my audible throughout my house with my multiple devices!
Sounds Rough About Half the Time
New amazon generations do not work in my house
Sounds better when it does.
The Echo Dot is a must have!
It?s like having an invisible personal assistant in the room with you!!
Convenient, if Creepy
Enjoy mine- both of them .
Big disappointment, no USB!?
Disappointed with customer service
A great entry level smart device!
Like hands-free Googling, but so much more!
Miracle Nightstand Device!
Is there an echo in here
Confusing
Best device i have purchased for 30 bucks.
Very good, room to grow - which is a plus
Better than 2nd - worth the price
significant improvement over gen2, and a deal with recent pricing under $30
Great sound and features out of this little puck - great upgrade to the original Dot
Good but much much less functional than expected.  Real problems with Australian amazon accounts.
Think you can't get any lazier? Guess again!
Alexa is a saucy chica
Convenient assistant, BUT no Shuffle for Apple Music
It would be a cool device if it didn't sound like crap
No USB power input
WOW!!!  GREAT SOUND!!!!
Blows the 2nd Gen away!
Wouldn't cooperate
Better than the original echo dot, but...
Horrible Amazon customer service!
I'm far more comfortable with my Google smart speaker.
Works pretty well, once setup that is...
READ  UPDATE
Muffled sound & DEFECTIVE controls when compared to Echo Dot 2nd Generation
the third generation is mind blowing thank you Amazon  now you. Really Rock LOL !!!!
A lot of fun. Alexa much better than Siri!
Great sounds, discreet and complimentary look to it.
Love Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Good "secretary"
A Tale About My Smart Home
Good music quality compared to echo dot 2
DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE TEENS!!
Connection and set-up failure
Wasn't expecting it
Hopefully not the new normal for the Echo Dots.
mote than one
It's like having a personal assistant!
Good safety measure
The future... Today!
Sweet deal
Works great
Doesn't work well.
Okay if you have bland musical tastes
Better then 2nd Gen
Overall device is great. BUTT alexa is a bit diappointing
Disappointing
I love her annoying butt
Not as good as the older ones.
Fantastic Upgrade
Nice upgrade
Dot 3 does not work with a ring doorbell 2.
Somewhat better than 2nd generation Echo Dot
Best echo dot yet!
Echo is for us, Google mini wasn't
Perfect purchase!
Much Improved
Simple but one of the most impressive tech I own
3rd Gen is Way Better than 2nd Gen
Works great and easy set up
Echo Dot 3rd Gen is a great upgrade over 2nd gen
Didn't think I'd like it but now I LOVE it.
Great!!!
Huge upgrade!
Alexa is unresponsive and kind of useless
Small but sounds great!
It can lose its voice!?
Fun purchase
Incompatible power and software ignorance makes the 3rd gen a poor 2nd.
Switching to google home mini
Not worth having more than one unless u like to spend more money
Alexa is My New Friend and Confidant
Great for quick answers!
Definite improvement over previous version
So many uses and improving all the time.
Alexa does so much
I love access to everything without using phone/computer
Impressive bang for the buck
Got worst over time
Biggest bang for the buck on the planet!
Worth it
I love these things
3rd Gen Dot!
Attractive, low-profile speaker
This 3rd Gen Dot is awesome!
Major sound improvement
A level above the 2nd Gen Dot
Seems to be fitting in.
Microphone could be better
Fun to use, but TERRIBLE sound quality!
Echo has a hard time with instructions.
An amazing device that you won't regret owning
NOT USB charging.... Seriously!
Excellent item
If gas furnace, must use Power Extender kit
It works ok
Small echo big sound
Must  install FireTV Service provider 'app' within Alexa app to pair with FireTV Stick
My first Echo device and I love it
Very cool device, enables a lot of smart home devices.
Independance
Love this!
Overall a good product
The sound quality is outstanding
Makes me feel like a kid on Christmas morning!
A needed item in your house!
Wonderful for sight impaired or handicapped people.
totally love it
this is the way to go
This gadget is so FUN
Hopefully they get better
Good device
Sleek design, but awful microphone
Helpful But...
Wonderful Device
Not always there to assist but confuse
Good so far for my first voice device.
Wow, nice.
The Lazy Maker
Just ok.
difficult to use
Bluetooth + Speaker = Terrible experience
Love, Love Love these!!
Great Gift
Love Alexa!!!
Misleading stereo or failed to live up to biggest reason I bought them.
Everyone says she?s cool but not really impressive
Fun Little Gadget!
Ready to pull my hair out
Love this new Dot!?
Alexia Helping with House Lighting
Static after a month and support is awful
GREAT PRODUCT!
Keep 2nd generation dot. 3rd generation is garbage
Can't beat that price.
I?m impressed! I?m not in 4th grade!
Surprisingly intuitive
Better Sound (than previos Echo Dots)
Meets all my expectations
Alexa is the friend in the room
Amazing!
3rd gen dot is significantly better
Our household gives these 5 stars! We love them.
Pretty Good
Love it but I?m sad about the new power supply
The BEST OF BOTH ALEXA WORLDS!
Amazon did an amazing job on the audio
Life is easier with the echo
Wishing everything used artificial intelligence now, lol
Speakers are awsome
Top notch smart speaker for the money. Way better than the 2nd gen Dot.
speaker quality and style much improved
Pretty cool.
Convenient, very effective home assistant.
Underwhelming
Works well but hard to set up
Yeah yeah yeah!
A great addition
addicting and precise
Gen 3 Dot works and sounds great - setup was a step backwards.
Too much bass for voice
Love my Echo-system!
Does what I wanted it to do
Doesn't play well with others
Cute & Powerful
Amazing Device, you must have one.
Much better audio than the 2nd gen
Dot on the Horizon Looms Large, Surpasses Expectations with Flying Colors
Customer Service is HORRIBLE
Oh Alexa, why do you torment me?!
Buggy or
Bigger Speaker More Bass...
My only friend in life
We Love Alexa
Awesome EXCEPT Not Wireless
Upgraded big time
Wants to stay in sleep mode after using it for a bit.
For the price - it?s a good deal and helpful
Easy setup, Fabric shell material is a nice modern decor over 1st gen models...
Great for kid's rooms
so much fun!
Alexa at home
Easy to set up, fun, and useful.
Great improvement on the Dot!
Impressive sound for the size
What an improvement!
Aesthetically pleasing and fun
Failed after 5 months
I like the 2nd generation better
Good quality, sound.  Understands commands much better than Alexa.
Got this for $1.06!
Thank you Alexa...
Love this echo
Echo Dot is a Great foundation to a smart home...
ALEXA IS FANTASTIC
Works well
Amazing sound quality and so useful! Buying more asap!
THAT'S what I was hoping for!
Still has trouble hearing me and understanding me.
Alexa is awesome
Dammed cool! Dammed cool device!
Must have for tech savvy family!
Get the 2nd Gen!
Works like the earlier version, just prettier looking and the low sound is stronger.
Recommend highly
If you?re looking for multi-room play the works consistently - move along
Totally worth it
"GURL....! Alexa sounds GOOD!"
It works okay but still have some ways to go...
The speaker in this generation is a substantial upgrade! The only Alexa device needed!
Why not a five star review - Amazon add control for the lights!
Not good at working with non-amazon providers
need more improvment
Nice Improvement Over the Echo 2
Making my rooms smarter
Issues
So glad I did!
Echo Dot and Firestick incompatible with music playback
These are great smart speakers for my bedroom
Doesn't Respond
Easy to use
serves my purposes very well
Honest review
Echo Dot 3
ANNOYING AS TIME GOES On... WHY!??
Don't buy if you don't have your own Private Wifi
The best gift I never knew I wanted!
Great product but Amazon needs to improve it!
Whole family loves it!
Getting Echo Dot Connected and Working
We have four dots now - and an old echo in the garage
A crippled girl's dream come true!!
Very Boomy Sound - Not Worth the Upgrade
I will not be part of the herd.
Don't Judge By Looks Alone
Great addition to my living room
What is to think about? Everyone needs Dots around the house.
Static noise  after four months.
WOW
Gen 3 is awesome upgrade!
Compact package and decent sound quality
Great Addition...
HUGE (heh) IMPROVEMENT
Great deal, 1 PROBLEM
Great deal for Home Ai
Great satellite for the Alexa system
Recommend to everyone
I'm not sold on Alexa - but it was free... so???
New Echo Dot Has Multi-room Music solution
Alexa what a joy to have around
Makes life easier
Speaker is better. Charging cable and connecter is higher quality. Looks nicer on furniture.
She's impressive.
Very entertaining
This Item Is The Best
Functionally Disappointing, Get Google Home
a MUST have!
Great in my nursery!
Appears to be working ok - However, green light stays on a lot ???
Beats the Heck Out of My Shower Radio
Awesome prodcut for the price
An excellent improvement over the second generation echo dot.
Nice sound. Not the smartest
Great at capturing voice
A music lovers dream.
Garbage
HELLO, ALEXA!
The Dot is mostly on spot
Great device! An actual updated device!
Hard to set up initially but very easy to use
A good little speaker and Alex for 50 bucks.
Set up is a pain in the ass, but once set up they are a lot of fun to use.
Great sound in small package
Great sound, great AI, great product
Great Black Friday deal
Confusing, Hard to Set Up
Account Service is Right on Point
Not as good as my 2nd gen
Pleasantly surprised by how useful it has been.
Put a Dot on it!
Minor upgrade and better speakers.
Great sound output and quality!
Fantastic, even as a white-noise machine
Not very helpful
From Gen 2 to Gen 3 - WHAT AN IMPROVEMENT
Much improved product
Neat gizmo
Works great! Sounds fantastic for such a compact device!
The same and not the same.
Would have returned, missed window by one day...
Wish they could share timers
I like it
Printed directions not included.
The sound is terrific and the size is small. A real winner all around.
NO STARS AND THE TRADE IN PROGRAM IS A SCAM
Can't turn Fire TV Stick 4K on/off, mediocre audio recognition
Good sound quality, horrible voice recognition
Awesome very helpful give it a day or so to get used to I got a little
Alexa is learning!
Service Rip-Off.
Gets better all the time
Echo's Newest Raving Fan!
It's Fun -- and Helpful.
Alexa works fine. Speaker and sound is garbage.
Improved sound output & having fun with intercom and drop-in
The easy use of it.
Good hardware, lackluster software.
Impressive Value, Well Worth the Money
No Amazon Unlimited Music for paired 3rd generation Echo Dots.
She?s cool!
Good product - different from the v.2 in its sound.
Great Sound Quality, but Alexa has room to improve
Love my Echo Dot!
We've been enjoying it!
Finally something priced reasonably
Surprisingly good sound - Now have 3 at my mom's house
Cute, compact, but not a know it all
Impressed
Highly Recommended
Work unit...
Needs more customization
Love it
great upgrade
It?s Alexa!
Terrible sound quality
What a Big "punch" for such a small device.
Great Device, I wish it worked seamlessly in Spanish as well
Terrible.
2nd Gen is Better
There are endless things Alexa can do!
Good buy but doesn?t meet the hype
Much better sound than the 2nd gen I had before
Ruined my furniture
Love it. Much better than previous version
Great device and awesome sound
Not quite there yet.
Beautiful addition to the home.
How Will Alexa Fit Into Your Life
Alexa really Shines
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a great device !
Good for music but not for news or talk radio.
Amazed with what the echo can do.
great upgrade
Just what I needed
Love it!
Great upgrade!
Continuing to evolve.
Works as adverstised
Much improved sound quality
Love the 3rd generation
Surprisingly loud!
kids love this.  Sound is excellent in my opinion after accounting for size
A little disappointed but I would still recommend it as it?s fairly inexpensive
I want to love it but I?m just frustrated!!
Blown away
I Love Alexa!
In love with Alexa!
Fits my minor needs
It's an Echo Dot, what's not to love?
Smart little speaker with good sound
Perfect
Not as intimidating as I thought!
Love my Echo
My second favorite non-human!!! Only her big sister is better!!!
Enjoy more than expected
cool but need user preference enablement
Not too easy to set up
Excellent voice recognition
It's Part Of The Family Now
I love my echo dot
Loving it
Needs a lot update still.
Tell Alexa "play runescape"...
Very compact, Great range, Easy set up!
This is not the home AI device you are looking for.
Alexa OK but not Smart!
Decent sound in a small package
Incredible sound quality
the default 'find my phone' app has a surcharge
Fantastic!
Helpful room assistant
Awesome sound - bought multiple
Awaiting more advancements
The Alexa functions work fine.  The speaker function leaves a lot to be desired
Real pain to keep awake
4th one purchased!
rlly great
Better Sound Quality Then 2nd Gen, Less Sensitive to Wake Command
Stay away if you use a Bluetooth speaker
Great speaker, Alexa has hard time hearing and answering some questions
Alexa sounds like Southpark's Kenny
love it - why did I wait so long?
My new Echo Dot
Worth the price of admission to upgrade
Previous generation worked better.
Our third Echo
this thing is great only one problem
Love this!
Speaker is amazing, mics are sensitive
Fun, good resource, and good value for the money and great for Seniors
Great Product, many uses
I like 1st generation better than 3rd generation, here is why
The sound is amazing!
Fun new device for the living room
Great sound and app caveat
It's aight
Speakers are SOOOO much better!
HUGE improvement
just okay
Great addition...
Much Improved Sound
2nd Gen VS 3rd Gen
Not as impressed with this device
Still learning
FRUSTRATING
Loud... sometimes too loud
Pretty dope!
Just great!
Echo Shrunk
Review after 3 months - disappointments
Unlimited Music - crazy restrictions
Fun device to play around with
Better but still has room to improve
Could be great but Amazon restricts it  for $
Can't wait to see what else this can do!
Setup is the devil, Alexa is an angel
No disappointments!
Love it! Trying not to ask Alexa for help when I'm in places I can't bring Alexa. lol!
Bye felicia
It's cool except it won't do the thing I wanted it for.
ALEXA ?  IS THIS FOR YOU ?
better than version 2 with some caveats
3rd Gen DOT is a huge improvement in sound
I think Alexa is spying on me - AMAZING sound over ver 2
What exactly is it good for?
Great speakers with a down side
Does not auto find my wireless network
1st Time User
For Info only
Sound of Music Great, Voice Not So Great
The sound on these is damn near as good as the full-sized Echos!
Easy to set up
Fun to have but seem to crap out eventually.
Failed to meet my needs
extremely upset.
EXCELLENT!!!
GREAT SOUND FOR SUCH A SMALL SPEAKER
Nice device to enter the home automation era
Significant sound upgrade from the 2nd-gen Dot!
I held off but now have multiple dots at my house. I love them with Apple Music!
The Echo Dot Is So Much Fun!
Echo is great but the Alexa app is buggy!
Now we're talking!
Bad connection on gen 3
does nothing right
Quality Sound
Fabulous!
It?s going to get smarter
So easy and fun a 5 year old can do it
More fun than expected!
Style and clarity on point
Dissapointed
Speaker blew out after a couple months of minimal, non-max-volume use.
Five units one household BEWARE
Works very well, easy to use, great product.
Upgrade. Now.
Won't pair with Alex Voice Remote
Pretty good to have around
Only lasted 2 months
Easy connection to streaming
Bullet proof little hockey puck of joy
Another disappointment from Amazon
It is SO MUCH BETTER than previous gen's!
Audio is a def improvement.
Suggestion for a new product!
RESPONDS ON COMMAND TO ANY QUESTION
Much better sounding than my gen 2 Echo Dot
Had it for about a month
Great speaker, few things could be added though
LOVE THE SIZE WEIGHT AND FEEL
TOOOO hard to set up
Fun
Discovering more uses each day
I've bought 3 so far and will be getting more
Can?t beat the price for how many things it does. It?s better than Siri on your phone.
Power Supply Change is Net Negative
Try it.... Good for the price but nothing is 100
White Elephant
Wow, sound is great improvement over last gen Dot!
Not ready yet
Horrible support and horrible voice recognition
Fun, and helpful. Overall I'm loving it.
A no brainier purchase
Static
We have disagreements
Extremely disappointing Like the previous version better
If you work from home and have conference calls this is a necessity
Love it
Works Great, Sound needs Improvement
Looks great compared to previous generations!
Fun and Functional ...
Audio sounds muffled
Love the sound level and clarity on Echo Dot generation three
Cool to use, shipping is horrible
Bad quality speaker
Love the Echo
So much better sounding than my 2nd Gen Echo Dot
The Echo Dot is Better Than Ever!
Looks nicer but not bowled over.
Doesn't work
Big improvement in sound from Generation Two
fun and helpful
Cool but
Alexa - your robotic friend.
Love
Have 2 in stereo, working great, even for music
Dot-lightful!
Bang for the buck speaker
?It?s always listening? for the wake word
Ease of use, flexibility, fantastic features!!!
Love this
Sound not that gr6
Awesome for bedrooms/nursery/bathrooms
More options to wake up word
sound is significantly greater than previous models
Love it
This is our first echo, and we have been very happy!
Mod 3 POD is a disappointment.
Love using it with My Ring Door Bell
i think everyone should get one! especially older people! or younger people!
Excellent paperweight
Annoying popping sounds every half hour.
Bluetooth not working UPDATE: Fixed!
Alexa decides when to work
Disappointing
Useful, enjoyable product
Pretty sharp but more of a novelty.
Great Speaker, Terrible APP and hard to play podcasts.
Echo Dot 3rd Gen - Alexa is dumb
Excellent support from Amazon
I?m obsessed. I want Alexa in every room!
Great for Helping Grandma
Considerably Better
Quality control issues, second replacement.
Great for quick inquires; the dog thinks her name is "Alexa" now
What seems like a whim becomes a necessity
3rd generation dot is a vast improvement
Still could be improved
Prefer 2nd generation
GREAT...but...
Universal product
Noticeable improvement over first gen
Great for kid's bedroom!
Small footprint - big sound
Meh
Very Happy With My Purchase - Highly Recommended!
Love her!
The Echo is a junk box
Perfect Extension of My Echo
A great gift surprise
Sound quality much better, Voice recognition worse
Good sound, easy understanding.
Echo Dot 3 is smart and stylish
Easy to set up
Easy To Install & Very Convient
Great little helper
Christian friendly
Warranty issues.
Recommended!  Very pleased
Limited support
3rd Generation Better than the Previous Dot
Love it and the Price!!
Worth it!
Terrible sound quality
Alexa cannot substitute the Internet, but she is great for controlling devices
Echo Dot
Great!
They are not fully connected
Buy echo and enjoy life at home
Alexa is my new best friend.
Nearly Perfect
Multi Connection Function-ability
Speaker is not great with music. Cool product though.
The Perfect 'Roommate'!
Not as good as 1st Gen
Not what it seems
Almost perfect
Nice addition to my Alexa enabled devices
Great for controlling smart devices and calls
For what I use it for, it is a decent little device
It is not improvied
The morning alarm alone is worth the price!
Less than impressive
Pleasantly surprised.
Great Echo For The Price
The sound compared to the 2nd gen echo is tremendously better!
Hmmm?
What they don't tell you
The Dot is pretty cool
Surprisingly good sound
Bulky power adapter / Dead on Arrival
Just Another Gadget
Okay But Sounds Awful
One happy hubby!
Dissapointed
Superb Microphones
Better sound quality
Amazing product for seniors
Better sound
Nifty little gadget!
Most hilarious Christmas Gift
Great price and good sound!
1 more Alexa device, please.
EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS!
Sorry, nothing like a google home mini
Not Wireless.
Great replacement for kitchen radio.
So far, completely unimpressed
i can HEAR it.
Love it but the speaker has issues
much better sound
My first echo
A quality product that is easy to use!
Echo Dot is Easy!
Radio Replacement
Disconnection of other Bluetooth devices....
Love it!
Much more sensitive to picking up Wi-Fi
Utter disappointment compared to 2nd gen
Product failures are proof life but lousy support is not.
I Love My Echo Dot
Worked As Described.
Seems like it should be better on 3rd gen
Yeah, it's cool.
Stereo pair works but unstable
It's a Dot but not as good as previous version
Great for music but...
Still getting to know it
Charcoal Echo Dot Does not work properly with other Echo or Echo Dot (2nd gen)
Intercom purpose
Amazing on Sale
Excellent audio quality for the price.
Disappointing and frustrating sums up this device.
Great!  Love my Echoes
Echo Dot Gen 3 Issues
Received non working device
Easy to set up
I love this device!
Very disappointed
Speakers are truly terrible
Useful but technology not all the way there yet
Better Sound than Gen 2, but....mic is weaker.
I bought 5 of theses so far I love them
Excellent device
Helped me find my lost phone, very fun, but could use some work
Better sound quality then 2nd gen, but seems to lag slightly
Small but useful and sounds pretty good!
Works great with Bose system
Alexa, how do you sound on the echo dot 3 rd generation?
very good sound surprising beings it's size
Excelled my expectations!
Some ways an improvement, others not.
Huge downgrade from the previous version.
fun
Every home needs at least one.
Started off good
Nice device, but lacks AI training.
Alexa what is . . . almost anything
It?s a hoot. ?
Great little helper!
Husband Changed His Mind & LOVES Her!
Had some difficulty connecting to our internet
Accent recognized!
Alexa is the best gift to give!
Needs some work.
Nice and Easy
Who can't love Alexa?
i like it, but it's bit deaf
Dots of fun
Adds a lot of convenience to this nanny?s life
Love it
How to make a product worse
Receptive and works.
Both useful and entertaining
The joys of having Alexa
LOVE!!!!!!
Buggy and slow.
Cheap but Mighty
Easy to use
Eco Dot 3rd
Great Sound!  Doesn't sync well if you use many in a "group."
A great way to start your morning!
We love our echo and dots!
Setting this up to pair with your Echo is a freaking nightmare.  I hate your app Help!
Alexa is helpful!
I'm not sold.
Not as great as I was told.
recommenable very happy
What did we do before Alexa?
I really enjoy using the Echo Dot
Worthless
Used device.
On Board the Alexa Train
2 steps forward but then 1 step backward.
I'm having fun with this little dot.
Great
It's an Echo. Of course it is amazing.
It sounds good
Good Device, Alexa is Just OK
A Question of Balance
Great buy. Two for $50.00 deal.
These are awesome!
These just keep getting better
Wonderful Life!
I Recommend This Almost Perfect Product.
Love this little thing!
Speaker developed a distortion and scratchy sound quality .
Does exactly what it says it will do.
Great for Rooms
Significant improvement in audio quality
I may try Google Alexa changes things up too much.
fun to mess with
Solid
Alexa Can't Play Many Podcasts.
Everyone needs one!
These are great!
Awesome!
Why no USB?
Choose wisely when using smart plugs.
Lov
Surprisingly good quality sound.
Very good adult "toy"
Fun. Substantially louder than first generation
Nice Improvement
Get the third generation
Lots of fun and a great smart home addition
Almost perfect
I never thought I needed Alexa...
It sucks
We want more
Good Sound, a bit dumb compared to google home
Better instructions for the dummy
The best $40 purchase ever!
App is terrible
Can't use as an external speaker without a bluetooth connection
A Great Little Helper and Information Announcer 3rd Gen Echo Dot
Speaker Concerns ??? Suggestions what to do ????
SO disappointed
So far, so good!
Love it!
Doesn't keep up with Google home
Amazon and Alexa Are A Wonderful Pair
Good thing we got this for free
Great Updated Dot Smart Speaker
Huge bang for your buck  Small convenient to put anywhere and great sound quality
Works the same as a generation 2 but with better sound
How can you NOT like these?
AWESOME UPGRADE. DO IT... YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
Speaker is decent if you're not too picky on sound quality
Well Built, Sounds Good
10-Oct
Works Adequate
Needs equalizer
It?s better .. but issues
Difficult to set up
Keeps getting better
Fun and somewhat useful. Needs some improvement though.
Had a small issue, but got resolved and works great now!
sound quality
Dislike the app
Sooooo cool!
The Echo Dot (3rd generation) is AWESOME!
DON NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
Smart Home for a few bucks!
This little thing is the bomb!
Power Adapter Is One Step Back
Ridiculous how useful this little gadget has become. Nice sound for its size.
Love it!
Much fuller sound and larger than Gen 2 Dot
Surprising pleasure
Sound quality is a lot better than the 2nd gen.
Very quick answers
Speaker started sounding bad a few days out of the box
We love these things
Great sound quality
Alexa is AWESOME!!!!
Well worth the price
No support
Better sound, but buggy.
Awesome technology can?t beat Alexa or the Price for High Tech Items !!!
GREAT SO FAR
Impressed with speaker quality!
Amazing device with shockingly excellent sound
A good product made even better
Works really well as an extra Alexa device for the bedroom
Poor microphones
App is awful
Alexa answers, to most things.
Best Echo yet!
Liked google mini more
Great Speaker
MY NEW BFF!!! :-)
Absolutely a good buy
Capabilities Lost in this Version
Uses one of the worst apps known to man!
I got an used device, w/o power cable, not in the official package
We love our 3rd gen
Welcome upgrade
It's fun, but...
Alexa!!
on my 2nd one - both bad sound
Love, love, love
alexa dot
Only complaint is lack of ability to work with Itunes playlist
AMAZON FINALLY OVERCAME BOSE...SORT OF
Useful and fun!
Good product, but management is challenging
Great to have and easy to use.
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen!
Pretty sweet
My grandchildren have a lot of fun with this.
WOW. How did I live without this?
Not THAT easy
Pretty cool for the price
Bought 2 as gifts
Best amazon device ever
Mostly effective as intercom
Purchased Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Alexa?
MAKE A WATER RESISTANT ONE FOR MY SHOWER
Much better then the previous generation but could still improve
Love this Echo 3
Improvement with eccentricity
Good, always getting better
I wouldn?t buy this to use for music! But the other features are okay for this particular model!!
Product Works as Described
echo dot 3rd gen (gray)
Our family loves our echos!
Easy set up!
Great value with giveaway, excellent little speaker, great Alexa addition
Buggy App
Echo Dot is so much fun; I don't know how I got along without it!
What a fun and interesting bit of technology.
Great little multifunction smart device
little but really useful
Not crazy about this product
So far. So good.
Good for its Purpose
Little speaker, big sound
Didn't think I needed a digital assistant but she's proven useful as well as entertaining...
Great option for music and audio books but uses lots of data
Still in Kindergarten
Very good improvements
Lots of fun
Really G R E A T !!
Much improved mic and sound.
Meh... it still can't fetch the newspaper
Alexa Play
maybe next gen has the capabilities to pause and play
Plug and play
3rd gen dot is disappointing
Much nicer than the first Dot
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Amazon echo is perfect for my house
Worth the price just for the entertainment of it!
Sound is Disappointing ?
Pleasantly Surprised
Can't live without out my echo!
Much better overall!
Great
We bought this for our son !!!
Best Purchase in a long time!
Love love love it!
amazon > google
Great device. One complaint.
Questionable Sound Quality
This thing is great !
It's much better this version
Good, but buggy...
Life changing!
So fun and convenient!
Nicer Looking...Audio Not So Much
Performs As Advertised
Great product
Quality sound
Life is better with Amazon smart devices in it ....
I LOVE IT!!!
Very impressive!!
Love Alexa features
Piece of Junk
perfect
Awesome
Overall I love her so far :)
I got this as a gift
Convenience
Echo dot 3rd gen broke
My daughter loves hers
Fun toy
Haven't been able to set this up. Got It setup! Yeah!
Not as good as the 2nd Gen
Disappointing
It?s part of our life!
Not Able To Answer Basic Questions ?
Alexa is a family member now
Speaker definitely better--Mic not so much
Very easy to install and use!
Very easy to set up and fun to have with a group of people.
Sound quality is well worth the price.
I was unsure; extremely happy with ECHO DOT
finally understand the buzz about Alexa
Dot Makes Everything Better
Does not work in Trinidad
I love my echo dot.
Dessapointed
What a difference
I love the Evho Dot and Alexa
LOVE THE ECHO DOT
Would be 5 stars but account problems...
Works Like a Charm
Alexa makes life easier!
Love Alexa, She is so helpful.
Love it!
Great upgrade
Stops Playing
Shopping & Entertaining
Greattttt product!
Alexa's just not that smart, but she works hard!
Difficult to set up
Using it more every day
No battery
Box came opened and without any protection inside.
Sorry I waited so long to take the plunge
Fun and FUNCTIONAL
Better sound and design!
Like it and planning to buy another!
Holding out for the fix
F$ These piece of $&$#
Great unit but needs tweeking.
Not an upgrade
Better Sound Quality
A definite upgrade from version 2
A Must Have!
So very helpful
Better!
Great Companions
awesome additions
If you love amazon and their smart home products the dots a must.
Best intuitive speaker!
Alexa is my best friend. Don't tell my cat!
Great sound in a small package!
Wonderful Smart-home Devices.
Number 6 and counting!
Maybe not the best yet...
Good purchase for the home office.
Makes phone calls! Every home needs one or a few!
Love it! Impressive sound quality.
Originally thought I had ordered the wrong item
Not the best Echo device
Way better sound quality
Wow....what a great product....enjoying...
Much improved speaker
A great improvement on an already good product.
How have I survived without a Dot?!?
Fantastic
Game changer
Easy as pie!
Alexa Has Cotton in her Mouth
Horrible speaker
Sound quality GREATLY improved!
Solid device, not the best App
Alexa is my new best friend!
Disappointed in new generation
Works great, except when it doesn?t.
It works exactly as described
Love my Echo Dot
3rd Gen is improved
Instant information.  Just ask Alexa
Nice design, good speaker, Alexa need work
Did not do what I thought it would do
Hockey puck wearing a winter coat and the sound is so much better
Improved generation one placed correctly
Handy, affordable, one in every room
Helpful Dot
You never stop learning with Alexa
Best Thing Ever
Fun device
Best gift ever!!!!
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Great Sound!
Better than the last one
Delayed response from Alexa
Blows away the competition
Easy to use!
I love this little thing.
Love it
Great sound for a compact device
No instructions just downloaded that app but the app doesn't tell you anything
Great addition to your home
Impressed with the Updates!
Very good speaker for the size!
Maybe not
Amazon echo dot
Alexa is my go to for almost everything!!
Highly recommend!!!
At least try this!  It's as simple as just an Internet connection ?
Too smart for its own good
Works ok, not much improvement
Absolutely LOVE Them, but a Few Issues and Wishes...
Great update to the Echo Dot!
Love It!
It must have ear plugs in because she doesn't understand me!
Muffled
don't do it
Well worth the purchase!
gamechanger
love the upgrade 3rd gen
Better than expected, but not perfect
Great sound for such a small device!
Not crazy impressive
Sounds natural
Love it.. Speakers way better than the gen 2
Very fun but doesn't work my TV
Works Really Well
Simple and easy to Use
Easy and Useful
Alexa is my side kick
Love the Echo, we just wish...
Awesome Amazon Echo Dot!
All that and more!
Enjoying my "dot"
Junk
May get a 3rd one
Eh
Convenience is a plus
Doesn't Work with Spotify
I love my Echo 3 generation.
Alexa can play from Apple Music
Excellent product
Very useful when setup properly.
I hate repeating myself.
Great product, but two issues
A great improvement, I think....
Audio issues
Keep volume below 3/4 and we are good
It?s pretty fun having Alexa around
Echo Dot is very versatile
Start to a smart home
Impressive Quality, Prefect For A Spare Room
A Very Useful Electronic Device!
Improved sound
Wonderful sound in a small package.
Huge Sound Improvement
Do not buy!
New improved Dot has really great sound quality!
Superb, wired Personal Assistant
It?s gooder than the 2nd model!
works well, if you can connect
Amazing!!!
Not intuitive, does not serve a useful purpose.
Parents loved it.
So Much Fun!
Crackling speaker
Family time together
Fun to play with
Not user friendly
easy install
Does not connect to Samsung galaxy 8plus or any Samsung device
Echo dot RULEZZ!!XD
Much improved sound quality.
My second Alexa, just a smaller body..
Not impressed
Better than I expected
Great device.
Difference in TAP vs. ECHO 3
Tiny but packs a wow
I am changing my previous negative review.
This Echo Dot is helping me sleep better at night!
Dot (3rd Gen) Good but not the best.
Love my Alexa
A new friend
It Works!
Definitely better than Siri at somethings
Very satisfied
Looks better Sound is better and worse
Much better than the original.
Love my Dots !
Dot 3rd Gen is better
Like my Echo Dot
Disappointing
Great little device
Worth the extra ??
Four stars only because i haven't had it long enough
Alexa is my homegirl
Needs help understanding simple sentences
Alexa be the GIRL!!
Life just got that much better.
A great music, news, information, all around helper..
It put me up on my feet, singing and dancing, top of my lungs. For that, I am grateful
Just don?t waste your time with a hassle
Doesn't hear me well compared to its older version
Amazon Alexa Echo is acquiring new skills and abilities everyday
HUGE Improvement over Gen 1 and Gen 2!!!
Good quality, overall good value.
Not recommended by me
Will not connect to Wifi
Cute adult toy
Very helpful and now affordable
No reason not to buy this.
Love this new gen!
Ordered for the Teens
Good!!
It's OK
Make sure systems are fully compatible.some say they are but you LOSE functions.
Music to my ears
Works.  Couldn't find better price (2 pack better than buying singles over time).
4 stars
Speaker is failing in first week
Sound upgrade from gen 2 echo dot.
Alexa<Google
A little laggy
The Echo Dot is a great buy!
Very Easy to Set Up
You can?t go wrong with an Echo Dot
so quiet
Emergency contact for seniors or health challenged homes.
It's a fun devise
It works
Highly reccomend
I would recommend
Great Deal! Great Sound!
One is not enough.
3 Month Warranty - Don?t Risk It!
Sometimes weird
Favorite thing
Pretty impressed !
Alexa is awesome
Excellent Sound Quality !
Great...until...
Offline issues.
How did we manage before...very pleased!!
Great product
I ask Alexa about weather every morning.
Better than ever.
Love it!
New but not all that.
does cool stuff hands free but...
2nd gen dot is better
Meh.
Computer, Turn on the lights!
Deeper base/clear loud speakers/looks great!
Over Rated
Alexa voice sounds muffled
The Echo Dot 3 is awesome!
Perfect for what I want and a little more
Much to do about nothing.
They Just Keep Getting Better - Awesome sound quality!
Is Alexa the Future? Tune in next week and find out
Why is the second generation better than the third generation echo dot
Excellent sound quality
Major Improvement
It?s great for the cost
You don't need it, but it's nice to have anyway.
Meh.
big improvement
propelling larry into the space age.
Much better quality than second generation.
RIP OFF
Don?t buy it. Major disappointment.
Better Sound Quality
Like It
The Future is Now!
This one is much better y?all.
Perfect for the bedroom.
Better than expected
Perfect for what it is. Not the choice for music quality. A great little companion.
Best Voice Control
Freebee with Sirius
3 stars
The Echo Dot and Alexa are among my favorite things.
Almost perfect!
Nice Sound
Already paid for itself!
Alexa
Sounds really good
Works great, very good sound quality for such a small speaker.
Really great device
Nice improvement
I love this echo and alexa
2nd Alexa, 1st Dot
All new dot
Small, Superb, Smart Speaker.
Great sound. Connects instantly to radio.  I ask Alexa to find kcaa radio.com!
Great sound
Great Improvement!
Works well and worth the price
Great application
Have to be a genius to use it
Love Alexa!
Sounds better. Still doesn?t hear very well.
Amazing product!
Echo Dot is Amazing
Impossible to set up! App is worthless!
Great device!!
Excellent Device
Echo dot is a must have item.
Truly Life Changing!
Overall great! Better sound quality, audiobook isn?t worth it
we use it all the time still!
Alexa remembers a Lot
Handy little Alexa!
Great device.
Big improvement over 2nd gen
Good sound, poor voice recognition
No longer uses usb power like the gen 2. Another ugly power brick on the wall.
It pops on a lot lately for no reason
Very impressed!
I love it but my wife is paranoid
Wasn't Sure I Would Even Use It But I Keep Finding More & More Things I Can Do!
Buy more than one!
DO NOT BUY!
Voice as an angel, dumb as a rock.
Not the WOW as I expected
total waste of my money
When it hears your directions its great!
Does Alexa hate me?
Microphone Not as Good as Gen 2
My Newest addition
The Amazon Echo series is the best!
Nice sounds for small unit!
HORRIBLE
Life changing!!!... for me ??
Outstanding!!!
Totally Buy It!!!
FUN and Easy to use
Works Fine
Loud and Clear
I LOVE IT!!!
Not so easy to get started
So great I bought another one!
Love the Echo Dot!
Sound is muffled
Great for music but....
Works as expect  - Excellent
We Love Alexa
Good product
Best smart speaker value
Love the dot
Great Christmas gift for regifting!
Fav thing is lists that are saved!
Great little white DOT...
Big sound, small package
Fun Item
Must have for any student!!
Good, not great
Echo dot means fun
Creepy
Best spur the moment purchase I ever made!
Great reception and sound. Difficult installation
Wow, just. wow.
Do it all with your voice
Enjoying
Surprised myself
I have no idea, I plugged it in for a minute
A Real Bummer
Pretty cool
Good sound
small but mighty
Very useful but beware of eavesdropping
great echo sound, all around the house!
Great!
How to use the features of the dot easier
Muffled sound compared to 2nd Gen *Updated*
Way better than previous versions
Nice Improvement Over Previous Dot
Nice.  Bigger louder speaker.
why waste the money?
Way better than Google home!
YUUUGGGGE upgrade to sound quality from gen 2!
love love love
Great voice recognition and easy set up!!!
First Time User of an Echo
Alexa, where have you been all my life?
The future of home management.
Echo Dot 3 Smart Speaker
I use Alexa practically everyday.
? Mad love
Does what it is expected to do.
Great improvement in sound quality.
Surprisingly Helpful
Great device, but usability needs inprovment!
HORRIBLE PRODUCT FROM WORSE COMPANY EVER / WONT LET YOU RETURN CRAP ITEM
Awesome new dot!
Sound is clear.
Amazon you did it again this is great
5 STARS!
Unit doesnt hear your requests
Fun to use!
Does Multi Room Music really work with echo dot 3rd gen ??
New Echo Dot
Good but also disappointing
Love my Echo Dot!
My Sixth Dot
Purchase an echo dot
Inexpensive smart assistant
Adding dots to rooms is worth it.
Much much easier better, dump your old one
Uses alot of data
Little package big sound
Lot of room for improvement in the speech recognition system
2 star
Very cool. But you'll need a subscription service to have Alexa play music for you.
Maybe I'm too used to the 2nd gen.
Speech is unclear
Echo three informative, and fun.
Alexa is always listening
Great little device at a very low price
Great product
:)
Kid friendly
Love it
Great Speaker Sound
Love it!
Sound is so muffled
Very easy to set up sounds great works great price is good
Best purchase!
Everything is great but just one thing.
Great Product
Obsessed!
Ok
Great for smart home integration!
A back up for quick 911 help and other phone numbers called
Love the new generation
Two out of three arrived broken!
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is quite a lady.
Elegant but tricky without the User Guide
Pretty Cool!
Morning Cup O' Joe & My Echo Dot
Better than I Expected
This Has Replaced My Phone At Night
I should have bought it long ago
Nice addition to the house!
Amazing Functions, but not so great with Apple Music
it sounds better than the second generation and looks better..
Makes my life much easier with voice command
Sound Quality Much Improved
Gen 3 much improved
Poor job at recognizing various things
Echo Dot, something for everyone
Great product
It is supposed to be easy ... It is not
I love it!
Nice tool that makes our life simpler.
Alexa
Works well, decent speaker.
Like everyone says- Its great!
Not sure how secure this is
Gave it as a gift...
Love it!
Alexa doesn't know anything
Amazon bias in speech recognition?
I love it!  Also If you have any questions call help  1-877-375-9365 they are great !
Love it
Much Improved Sound
i love my alexa products.
Good
Our new Know it All Best Friend
Unless you only want it to buy Amazon?s music , WAIT TO BUY!!
Works great, but too much bass makes it hard to understand Alexa.
Works great!
My family loves Alexa.
Love it!
Helps me feel safe, and plays my choice of music.
Performs beatifully
Alexa love you only 50% of the time
Great even for a 5 year old
Love it
Easy Listening
Many different uses. News, weather, music & more.
Great little device
Echo Stop...
Loud static sounds when at 75-100% volume
3rd gen connection drops often while 2nd gen never drops
Best smart home divise ever
Setting Up Can Be Difficult
A delightful novelty to keep around the house.
So much better sound than the earlier model
New Dot
Best Dot Ever !!!!
Great Sound
Great Sounding for Its Small Size
The sound and volume are great on the new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) .
Heavy on the WOW Factor
New Echo dot 3d gen is of excellent quality responds well and easy to install.
Echo third generation
Hey Alexa!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) with Alexa-Sandstone
Could not love more!
Dot hits the spot
Echo Has a "Prime"ary Problem
Still trying to get the hang of this
Newer dot less capable
Awful speaker quality
answer
All but Perfect
AMUSING
Great product at great price
Good speaker
Great Speaker!!
Echo Dot
Cloth muffles the sound of the speaker.  The microphones are weaker than gen 2 dots.
Alexa is a great tool
Sounds great but had a scratchy glitch I?m monitoring.
How did i live without this for this long?
Not smart speakers at all
Audio is 2X as good as the old one
improved sound
Amber light constantly pulses
Big technology in a small Package!
I was Impressed but...
Nah. Pass
This little speaker surely packs a punch!
Ok for playing music. Might be better if I could figure out how to Bluetooth it to sound system
Looks great but sound is very staticish!
Love
OMG.  We had a blast...
Echo Dot 3rd gen
Had a first generation and this replaced it
MUCH BETTER SPEAKER than the old DOT
Amazing!
Not that well when you talk to not and in of  microphone
Dot family
This thing is great!
meh
Keeps getting better generation by generation
It's good but not good enough
Such an upgrade from the 2nd generation dot.
Flawless setup
Have You Thought of This?
Pretty cool
First Impression.
Almost too good?
New and Improved
Very good!
Wonderful, stupendous, and magical!
Fun accessory.
Go for it. Such an improvement on 2nd generations
Richer Sound
Definitely improved over first two version
Fun intro to home automation
Broken on arrival
Convenience and user friendly
Amazing
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!
Easy and handy
awesome from room to room
Love these!!
Excellent sound
Love it
Great replacement for first gen echo
Definitely an upgrade from the 2nd gen echo dot
Worth the value
Improved sound from the new speaker
Great home companion for the price
Love my new Echo!!
Alexa, 3rD generation worth the wait.
Great but your kids will drive you crazy with it.
Vastly improved over Gen1
Love it: so much better than the 2nd generation
Love it
Decent for the price
Echo Dot --  Good, but Not sure how good yet
Oh... she's good....
Don't know what took me so long to finally get this!
You will have to buy some CDs twice to get them on your Echo
I Love It--But...
We love our Echo Dot(s)
Having fun
So Great I Had To Get A Second Echo!
Life can be a little less stressful with some help at your fingertips.
Looks Bett, Sounds Better
Speaker is the weakest point.
Extremely simple to use, just need to download alexa app to connect it to your wifi.
Christmas gift
Happy I upgraded my 2nd gen
Tiny but mighty!
Good device but it can be more smarter.
smart
Nice
I like it!
Echo Dot (3rd gen)
Gen 3, more than a pretty face!
not worth the loss of the power
Great speaker on this 3rd Gen DOT
Reliable and useful device
Absolutely LOVE it!
One of my best purchases of 2018!
Great device, Alexa is awesome
A magical device
Great digital assistant!
Alexa is part of the family
Hi
Fun With Alexa
Nice look, but sound eeh!
Stopped playing music after 1 months and hasn?t worked since.
Don't waste your money
Not that good
Super easy to set up!
Not as reliable as the 2nd generation..
Like it
Alexa is faster than searching on Google Chrome!
My first Alexa Product = GREAT!
Great sound!
So much fun!
Not bad but a lot of improvements needed
Great little unit for the Sale price.
I love it!
Echo Dot review
Echo dot perfoms as well as the larger Echo family members
Not happy with the device
Huge sound improvement over 2d Gen
Amazing product
Not bad, for the price.
what a gift for my bed bound husband
Great item; first Alexa device
Surprisingly valuable home tool!
Works Like Magic!
Proprietary cord instead of USB :-(
Improved Speaker & Stereo Pairing
Works great.
Packaging a Joke! Was this a prank!!! Amazon is so inconsistent!
So dissatisfied
Favorite
Who doesn?t love an Echo Dot 3 ???
Works pretty well on wall hanger
Arrived as described.
Hard to understand Alexa.
Difficult to set up initially
dot needs dotted
Horrible Sound
Device sound quality horrible after 3 months of use!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Great sound for a little speaker
Somewhat simple to integrate.
What's next Alexa?
Alexa is not very smart but good for music and weather updates
Simple, straight-forward
same as 2nd gen, do not understand my request
Great addition to our home
Don't know what I did without it. Seriously.
Boy have I been missing out
The most useful thing.  I love it!
Wi-fi troubles
Louder! And better design!
My dog ate it
(((Stereo))) Pairing is GR8
Echo dot 3rd gen
Best thing ever!!
my special helper
Set up took forever
Good but...
You know you want one. Get it!
Better than a Bluetooth speaker
For simple questions and music it's nice
I bought one and had to have three more
do you need it
Alexa Suggestion
Super useful and fun
She cannot hear you very well compared to older Generations
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Totally overhauled
Decent sound and affordable.
Easy setup, works as advertised
Great product
Nice improvement!
What is that high cracking tone?
The quality of sound is fantastic
Beyond expectations
Love it!
fits seamlessly into my life
Switched to Alexa from my Google Mini
Who knew Alexa could be so much fun
What great sound!
How did I ever live without this in my life?
Great Improvement Over Gen. 2 Dot
Having fun with Alexa!
Kanye shrug.
Alexa Doesn?t Like Me!
Just added my 2nd Echo Dot
I love this little wired tap ?
I absolutely love it!
LOVE!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Cool tech !!!!!
Needs More Functions
For me it's the  time.
It's good but
Couldn't tell the difference
One fancy pucking device
Overated itrusive and biased device
Great gadget
A long way to go.
Great product!
Know what you're getting
I never thought I'd get one of these things but..
Experiment That Came Out A+
Should have got it sooner
Everyone needs one
Works great
Amazon got me again
Perfect
True Plug & Play
Didn't work for me.
great sound on this 3rd gen model
Works well!
Verry much improved sound quality
2nd one
speaker blew out after less than 3 months
Much better than the earlier Dot
I went from 1 Sonos to 4 echos and no Sonos.
Must be set up with adult account
Is an average Smart speaker/player
Gen 2 was better.
happy with echo
MANY POSSIBILITIES IN A SMALL PACKAGE
Good sound but no Qnap NAS music streaming
Sometimes Scratchy Sounding
Easy to use!
Great for Users New to Echo
Great except she can?t play music
Great for bedrooms!
Best alarm
Love it....
speaker is already blown after only a couple of weeks
Great as an intercom system!
Impressed
Amazing quality, superior sound.
Good product.
amazing product
Hello Alexa
Echo....Not Sure!
My fifth purchase of the Echo Dot 3rd Gen AAA+
Application Critical to Installation
Decent speakers,  Easy to use
works just like 2nd gen, with much better speakers
Love Alexa!!!!!
Love it!
Very impressive
Echo Dot
LOVE THE DOT!
Awesome addition to my home
I love it!
Would buy again
Echo Dot 3rd. Generation
Great product
It just sits there.
Great update to the Dots
Works as Advertized
Great addition to any home.
Pronouncing out
Small but has decent bass for a little smart speaker
Not working properly
Worth every penny
A great household addition
Has a better quality sound than the earlier models
My New Best Friend
Upgrade a must.
My first Echo.  Probably not my last.
thought they don't work changed my opinion
Awesome
It's Alexa, it's awesome!
Gets the kids out of bed.
Surprisingly good sound and mic
Waste of time.
You must try this echo dot
Was ok seems to be getting dumber
Just another revenue stream for Amazon
Echo Dot
Great upgrade from prior version
Favorite Thing!
Always Need Weather Info
If you love the previous Echo?s you must get this new one!
Sound quality is amazing!
Way better than the original dot
I love it!
Pretty cool
ALEXA I hear you
It understan Spanish!
Great if you have small kids
Improved speaker and sound.
Love Alexa and The Echo Dot!
NO APPLE MUSIC
WOW
My new best friend
Solo funciona con energ?a el?ctrica
Echo Dot 3rd generation
Generation 3 definitely better than generation 2 sound-wise at least
PERFECT for the infinitely curious!!
I expected better quality.
Great
Medical Alert Alternative
LOVE IT!
Fun & Entertaining
Alexa
3rd Gen Echo Dot
Odd problems at times
Unless you know a lot about electronics, it is good to have someone to help you set this up.
Better than gen 2, better than Google Home.
?+? button broke after 3 months
Amazing product.
You have to have a Wi-Fi connection
BUY IT!!
She?s fun and helpful
Great for any kind of home!
Becomes Dysfunctional After Two Hours
Won't turn back on or reset. Customer Support is terrible
Needs way too much personal info to setup
I was sceptical about this Alexa thing....
Everyone loves Alexa!!
Why did we wait so long?
Works great!
This old dog is learning new tricks
I'm impressed with the sound quality for such a little unit.
surprisingly nice!!
Happy 15 Year-Old Daughter
Improved over Gen 2.
Less errors when given voice commands.
Very pleased
Alexa is dumb but music cranks
Works great!
Set up with Logitech Harmony Hub remote
Failing After 2 Months
Great devices to put in every room
Overall an awesome and helpful item
3rd gen. dot pros & cons.
Fun to have.
Great sound for such a small device.
This is pretty cool
Nice to have in our bedroom
Alexa is the best imaginary friend, who obeys your commands...lol!!
Echo 3 great purchase and value
Convenience ?Priceless
Improved over 2nd Gen Dot
great little gizmo
Better Than Expected!
Big features and big sound from a small, attractive, and 'smart' device
Sound quality is a vast improvement over 1st gen.
Excellent
Not bad upgrade, but a bit too much bass
Alexa cant learn my voice
My new little friend has many talents.
Security and Good background music
Alexa great while in the kitchen
Works Great
45 Watts required. No USB Power
SORTING TO DO LIST
Cannot say enough of how much I LOVE Alexa and Echo dot!
so easy to use and kids/adults LOVE
Love It
Surrounded By Music!
Echo Dot (Gen 3) easy to set up and works as advertized.
Confused
Great sound quality ??
Great device. Love having it. We have 4.
Very cool highly recommend
One Downfall
I have never seen....ridiculous...
Way louder than Gen 2 Dot but has some quirks
Great value/ This is the Gen2 it has a built in speaker not like Gen1
Christmas Gift... Still Working with it
Work well.
Awesome sound quality and built like a tank.
Sound quality improved
Prettier, but worse sound quality from gen 2
Alexa Hard at work example Video
Great upgraded sound!
Great little device
LOVE MY ALEXA DOT!!!
I love my Echo 3!!!
Adds to the house
Great product to have in home
Update process is unexpected and affects speaker performance
The Right Gear!
Best Dot yet!
Great little devise
Great technology addition!
Echo Dot - Partially successful.
wonderful addition
Love the upgrade
Don't waste your money
It is not power Wireless!!
It works as espected..... and more
Alexa and Echo, Our new toys
Easy Set Up!
Amazon could do better
Best Echo Dot yet!
Great In Home Resource
Echo Dot's Alexa is the best
absolute fun!
Filled my home with these, dumped my google home.
What a wonderful gift this was!
Good Deal
Love this thing!
Good sound quality for small device!
Very enjoyable and great item to Have .
Works good, too much bass
Me Like
better than I thought
So Far So Good
Huge bummer
This thing is awesome!!
Much much better sound
It may sound better for music, but Alexa's voice is not nearly as clear.
Great!!
Alexa: Write this review for me
Great Product- POOR packaging
Good for my office
Sound is so much better!! Must get!
Way better than previous generations
Price is great so we upgraded G2 to this G3
Love the echo
Awesome sound quality
Simple and convenient
Love it
There is no plan if you want just two streams.
For a senior Alexa Dot is great
NOT AS SMART AS SHE SEEMS
Helpful and Easy to Use
Thank you to whomever create this
Perfect
Incredible sound!
Microphone issue.
Alexa is really helpful but be ready to purchase add-ons for extras
Not necessary, but very cool.
Very good sound for such a small speaker
Time for another Amazon device in the house
Compact, convenient and works great!
Good price for quality
They SUCK when paired with another Alexa device.
Make my Life Easier !
Wow!
Love my echo's
Efficient and fast.
Love the 3rd Gen
Great Sound Quality
Hmmmm
Location, Location
Response is better than husband and grandkids!
Great Size
Love! We have several
Junk
Works Great for Me
Need one for every room!
Big improvements on sound, mics and looks (design) ..!
Easy and helpful
Works Good
We all love it!
Mystery Caller
Apple Music Quit Working and It?s Been Weeks
Satisfied Customer!!!
Was coming from China
really fun
Hard to learn how to use
Even the teens like it
Great sound!
Better and getting bigger ..
WOW...Cool!
Good
Amazing sound improvement!!!
Alexa knows
BETTER!
Nice Toy
Love this!
Get the 3rd generation
Great Design
Alexa is like
Amazing in the begining but not for long...
A necessary and noticeable improvement!
The sound is amazing!
Great Upgrade!!
Love Alexa
Great device for Xbox One!
Wow!
Alexa is actually pretty cool
Surprisingly nice
Mic weaker than Gen.1?
Sound quality is amazing.  Best $29 I ever spent!
Love it
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Cool device
Amazing! Small and Mighty!
Fun and helpful!
Really like it but wall mount seems expensive
way better than old design
Fun to have but have concerns about privacy
LOVE THE PRODUCT BEEN HAVING FUN WITH IT.
Very helpful and useful product
Best Echo Dot (3rd Gen) Yet
Don?t like
Echo > Google Home
NO GOOGLE SEARCH INFO WITH ECHO DOT
You don't need a smart phone app to set this up.
Sounds great!
Echo Dot Rocks
Compact and easy!
I really like this
Somehow they keep improving this small item. It?s unbelievable.
These are Amazing
Wonderful
Bluethooth doesn?t work- drops WiFi
Purchased as an Emergency Contact Device - is SO MUCH MORE
Get One
Good price, good functions.
Great!
Cool product but both returned for being broken
Very nice upgrade!
Great Device - Lousy APP
Color convert
Much Improved!
Alexa is awesome!!
The Echo Dot is well worth the money.
Surprisingly Better than expected
I love my echo!
Still waiting on it to get smarter
A must have!
Bluetooth pair of iPad/iPhone volume is a fail.
Top notch quality and fundamentally satisfying!!
You have to get the right app.
Not worth the upgrade
A great way to start my day
How did I get along without this ?
Liked it while it worked.
Sometimes it just shuts off but not sure if it?s the device or my internet.
Welcome Home Alexa!
Great sound quality for such a small size
Popular Gift at the Annual 'Favortie Things' party!
Please dont waste your money on this
The soung quality sucks. Pay more for the one with Boze speakers.
Nice cheap extra speakers
Alexa Does So Many Tasks That Make Life Easier and Fun
Love them
Great sound for music lovers
Son satisfied
It?s a kitchen?s little helper
Nice improvement
Improved sound over 2nd Gen Echo Dot
works good
Bad Microphone
Useful & fun to use!
Love the sound and design
Great, but it is hard to wake it up.
trouble
Excellent
Louder than I expected! Glad they added it!
No USB Power
Echo, call 911
Impressive knowledge base!
Even old timers can learn from Alexa
Outstanding!!!
Best one yet
The perfect item that I didn?t know I badly needed!
A great upgrade to the old Dot!
It is easy to set up up and to use
Convenient
Convenient smaller size
It Works AsAdvertised
Great device!
Great addition to my sewing room
Fairly good most of the time.
Pretty cool
The more you have, the more problems you run into
Feels more like a beta product
Shes not perfect but who is...
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!
Getting better
New is not always better
limited searching for songs, returns one choice when playing a title
Second Echo too difficult to hook-up in another room
You have to speak loud and the blue light goes away fast.
Easy setup - nice speaker sound
great sounding
For the price we paid, $30.00, it's well worth it.
Speaker crackles after a few months
Great sound for such a little speaker
Perfect for Dorm
Actually listenable for a stand alone music device.
Great Device with Cute Design
Compact with great sound
Sounds better?
Alexa Changed my Life
Best Echo Dot Ever!
Best Echo dot ever!
Watch for sale and grab them up
Perfect addition
Overall very happy with it
Great Item
Echo 3rd Gen
wonderful sound!
Very nice
Works Great!
Love ! ?
Love the 3rd Gen Units - but no USB is a bad move!
Great Smart Speaker
Does what I want
Sound quality is SO MUCH better than the 2nd Gen product
Bigger than old Echo but just as functional!
Junk you have to scream at it to hear you
Sounds and looks great
Great update from 2nd generation!
Love the Echo Dot 3rd generation
New & Improved over 2nd Gen
Dot Yes!
Amazing Technology
It has a little deeper sound than the 2nd gen Dot
AWESOME!!!!!
Love my Echo Dot
Cool device, learning new things every day
Just another gadget!
Best Echo I've had so far
Easy to Use
Good speaker!
Privacy Issues
Too much base, not as clear as earlier versions
Just buy it for yourself or for friend or friends as a gift.
Awesome
Major improvement in sound quality
Terrible customer service
loving my echo dot
Love this!
Great Introduction to Becoming a Smart Home
3rd Gen Echo Dot is HARD OF HEARING and SLOW TO RESPOND
Enjoyable to use, but musical sound quality disappointing
Great while it works
Better then last gen
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
What's the point
A.I. still has a ways to go.
UGH wanted to love it
So far so fun
Bad product & bad experience
Miss the USB power cord
Cool device!
Changed my listening habits. Can listen anywhere!
Could never get it to stay on the internet- avoid it !
This is both fun and useful
news round the world special news of U.S.A.
Much Better Sound, Holds its Own as a Speaker
Love a Dot......
Make your life easier!
Looks more appealing than the previous models
Great buys, have 4, will be buying more
ECHO DOT IS AMAZING!!!!
Love it
TOO MUCH VERIFICATION!!!
Versatility
echo
Piece of Crap
Great product but shipping takes a long time!
I Love My Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Setting up a second Echo is easy compared to the first one.
Improved home routines for my family
Great Value for the price
Echo Dot is very nice
Great Update to an Awesome Product
Love my robotic DJ!
Quite simply, I love it
Every time the power goes out, this thing SUCKS!!!!
great for the most part
Very useful
Alexa Echo Dot is awesome!
Affordable and amazing!
Very easy to use.
SUPER GOOD SOUND QUALITY.  PERFECT FOR ENJOYING MUSIC!!
Much improved sound
Why didn't I buy one before?
Very fun tool!
I love the Dot
Good device - bad decision to change the power source.
You will love this device.
New world has opened
Excellent
Love it!
She seems good to have around the house.
Not pleased, like gen 2 better.
Great buy!
Sound is definately better
Alexa is a great addition to our family!!!
Less microphones vs better audio trade in
Echo Dot better than Google Home Mini
Is anybody listening????
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
The sound is better than I expected from such a small item
Worked as expected
Wonderful
Alexa?
?Whisper mode? could be better
Good for every age group
BOOM, BAM, AMAZING
Great Starting Smart Home Product!
easy to set up, very helpful
Sounds great! Even for a little dot it?s pretty awesome!
It works ... but music is very limited.
Does most things
You must have Amazon Family Music
Our new addiction!
Didn't work
great product!
Has great upgrade potential
It?s a great little product and can do so much
I like it, may end up getting a regular Echo
Power adapter no good!!!!!
Fits nicely into small areas
Love this little thing!
Significant sound improvement over the already great v.2
Great improvement in sound over 2nd Gen Dot
Love this Dot
Great product
Works
Smart home made easy
Fun to use!
Attractive, better sound
Great for no fuss, no muss interactions
Pretty cool
Can?t use usb plug anymore, but nice quality sound
Great sound from the speaker
Little speaker with a big punch
Alexa is great.
Compact size, awesome sound
I like the second generation model better
Great Upgrade!
Easy and convenient
Good value
Improved sound quality
Smart home done right!
Won?t connect to WiFi
4 Year old ordered himself and Echo
Don't try to make this work with a ring doorbell
Great Device
Volume Much Louder than Dot 2
My 3rd Dot (3rd Gen) that is defective
Gorgeous design, maybe not as responsive.
BEWARE: Amazon randomly selects devices and LISTENS to your conversations
WOW
Like HAL 3000 if he smoked weed
Alexa Still A Work In Progress
Amazing sound 100 times better than Gen-2
No one needs this product
Watch what you say
Amazed
Excellent Sound Quality
Great
Product is Quick, Efficient and Easy to Use.
sound much better than the 2 gen.
That new speaker thoooo! :D
Fun and useful!
Static noise while listening to music
Still need to yell over music
No internal battery, still pretty awesome
The hockey puck with pluck has matured, and for the better
my new friend
Great little box but will not work with iTunes
In LOVE WITH ECHO!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
I love my echo dot!
don?t waste your money
Great product!
First One
Smart speaker
Less sound sensitive
This things got great sound.
Garbage
Love this!
much better sound
I DID NOT WANT TO GET THIS
My favorite echo so far
BEST GIFT EVER!!!
Is Generation 3 worth it?
Amazon Alexa is awesome
My second Echo Dot
Big upgrade!
Love it
Convenient and cute
A Step Up
Sleek and loud!
How I feel towards the product
Should I buy Echo Dot 3rd?
Multiple benefits
great value
2nd Unit
product is fine
Amazing!
DO NOT BUY INTELL THEY FIX APP
This thing listens and hears better than my partner!
Better than I ever thought
Great in function, loud! ..but mediocre sound quality.
I Love this Dot
Ok Product
Versatile Assistant
Does what is says - litterally
Always works great, now looks nice as well
The best dot made
Alexa Echo Dot is amazing.
Live and learn.
Great sound!
Nice and convenient
Wow
A go-to friend in the house!
I should have waited for these
Echo Dot 3rd Gen harder to use with proprietary plug
clear and distinct speaking
Excellent sound quality
My 1st and only Echo Dot...
My new friend Alexa
Not worth the price or real estate it will consume.
Louder but can?t hear very well
Great little thing.
Slow response time
Muffled sound is irritating
Powerful little Dot! Best one yet!
Echo Dot NO ENTREGADO
Wonderful Gadget!
Took a minute to set up
Neat
MUCH better than gen2
I LOVE this
Great improvement over Gen 2
A Dot that exceeds all expectations
Love it
Don?t wait, buy one
Not a USB power cord!!??? Really!
Amazing upgrade from the 2nd gen!
The sound is awesome.
Works like other dots
Echo Dot 3rd Gen.
Great Sound Edition
Slow and needs sound improvements
You have to subscribe to Amazon Music to be able to listen to a lot of songs
Alexa, always say her name first ? !
Excellent
Big step up from previous version.
It turned on.
Easy to Use & Way Cool!
Nice upgrade to the old Dot!
Great Sound from a Small Speaker
Awesome
Small size, but retains original Echo performance - love it!
Oh Alexa!!
Not a fan
Great way to use Alexa.
It is interesting. I love it. entertaining, informtive, Answers most questions. Very good sound
You need this
Love it!
Want to know the weather, or how to spell a word, or a reminder for an important event?
Alexa is the smartest 3rd grader ever!!
Should be a smart set up
Works like full-sized
Difficult Setup, Decent Product.
Awesome Robot product!
New Dot is better than old dot
Love my Echo Dot!
She's always listening, unlike my kids!
Welcome To The 21st Century!
Interesting product
Get Answers to Almost Anything
PERFECT.
Great sound, had to buy a second Dot for stereo
A better Alexa
Much better sound!
Fun and practical
Sound is great and looks good.
Great little companion
Pleasantly surprised!
No more yelling up the stairs for the kids!
Much better sound
It a great buy
At least understand what I am saying
Echo Dot 3rd Gen AWESOME!!!!!!
THIS IS MAGIC
Improvement from 2nd Gen
Another Alexa unit for the Drum Cave PA system
Came early and works great! Until it doesn?t....
Another Outstanding Echo Product
Small footprint, big techie device
Gotta try it
Definitely better sound then the 2ng gen!
Works Perfectly!
My new Echo
Improved Sound
An amazing addition to the house
Good with few limitations
for 30$ a MUST HAVE ! if you like music
Not impressed
Echo Dot
makes you want more
Definitely worth upgrading
A MUST BUY! My Fav at the moment!
Embrace technology  even if you are 67!
Staple
Best gift idea for myself ever!!!!
Love this little lady!
Why is this happening!
Easy Installation
A great update form the original echo dot
Great speaker for use with Alexa in every room
Definitely Better!
No issues so far
So far we are happy
Great device 1 down fall
Beyond happy!
Very Convenient After Set-Up
Extremely difficult to setup.
Waiting for update to wake word response
Much better than previous Gen
Christmas Gift - Love It
No headline
Substantial improvement in audio quality and speed of response.
She's great!
Love all the features
Amazing device!
Great gift for a techie or new home owner
Make it so u can use on line or off line
With every penny if they'd maintain the same pricing!
Alexa, a household essential
looks nice
good resource at hand
Give it a try-well worth it!
Overall, it?s a great product.
Dots
Handy but not great sound
Easy set up and awesome skills, aka apps within Alexa app!
Gen 3 Dot is pretty awesome.
Echo 2 vs 3
Love my Echo Dot
Great Echo Dot
Convenient
Speaker is already blown after 1-month
easy set up
Hello Alexa!
Works with my Echo
why are you buying this
Small device beautiful sound
It's OK
Unresponsive and extremly annoying
I love her (yes she is a member of the family now!)
Nice device for a first time user
Love this!
It works
Packs a lot of sound in a small space.
You need a good wifi connection
Assistant Assits
Disappointed
The sound is so much better!!
What an improvement
Best echo dot yet, sound just keeps improving!
Sounds MUCH better than the previous generation dots.
Light glitches a lot
Much better sound
Love the 3rd generation, great sound
great sound!!
How to spoil your wife.
Great Purchase
I absolutely love it
Not Very Happy
The sound!
Loud and quality sound, way better than 2nd gen
Bought for the kids
Device of the future.
Can?t connect to hotel WiFi?s
Way cool!
Nice Organizer
Great for Gifting
Addictive
Great sound and looks great
Love the Echo Dot..but....
Pretty cool device
Echo Dot is Hot!
What's not to love?
LOVE MY DOT
It was a gift.
Alexa is not all she's cracked up to be!
Handy to have, not pleasant for music.
Why didn?t I buy this sooner??
Excellent sound, easy setup. Vast improvement over previous dot.
know someone who has one
So easy to setup and use!
Echo Dot Delivers
Fab!
Love her!
Good product
Commands, choices and sound
LOVE!!!
Love this device
Better sound
Very very happy
Works great
THIS IS A GIFT
So useful
Speakers sound a lot better then second gen and like the design overall.
Alexa Echo Dot
Works great
The best dot
great sound quality
Wish I could return for the 2nd Gen
Easy to set up, easy to use
My son's favorite
Well Tuned Devise
What she does not know
Some minor issue
better than my echo V2
No issues thus far
Cool beta product - no more, no less
Connects to Public Radio
Very sleek and Innovative AI
Excellent product- recommended
Echo 3
Won?t stay connected
What Fun!
Change the activation word, they have four to choose from
Bad design
I love this .
These things are CRAZY useful.
On demand music is my love
Good sound for a little speaker
Set up was a pain
Easy to install and set up & Very Functional
This is an awesome item at a great price!
Nice loud sound
Doesn?t hear you correctly
Awesome and a little reluctant at first...
Amazon Does it Again
Sucks!
Love that I can listen to my Audible books anywhere
Dot 3rd Gen in Comparison to Echo 2nd Gen
Great Device, Sandstone
Great sound and easy to use!
Mind blown
Easy setup. Clarity and power of the speaker.
I now have multiple Alexa and I throughly enjoy having more than one.
Could not tell any improvement over Gen 2
I LOVE IT!!
Great addition!
wonderful
OK - I'm offically impressed
Great addition
Louder & smoother sounding than older echo!
Compact, Informative and Useful!
Better than 2nd gen., but not worth updating to
Great Device
Impressive Speaker for the price
Versatile, good for all ages
Great upgrade!
Love it!!
Sound quality
I just needed a bluetooth speaker
New 3rd Gen Echo Dot is really quite nice!
Amazing
Life changing!
Cannot use aux without setting up device
fun to have a second one
Surprised and impressed
nice!  wish it was a bit more intuitive.
Alexa!
Syncing  2 Echo units in one house
Has stereo jack
Amazing just wish it was louder
I love it
Love My Dot!
Love!
Great little product
Very useful, sound quality is good
Pointless if skills can?t be added to routines
Voice commands to Alexa is a great feature- especially in emergencies
Little Dot Works Well!
Handy little dot
Perfect Christmas Present!
Echo Dot is Great!
night and day from gen 2
Much better speaker than 1st generation
A nice upgrade from the previous generation.
My favorite echo uses
I like it
I like it
Alexa can do almost anything
Great sound for a small speaker
Don?t buy the dots as they are unreliable.
Works well for us
Looks great but falls short.
It is a smart speaker and listens to you..
Echo dots are so great
very cool gadget
Powerful tool that makes life easier.
Great item especially for the price!
Speaker Blown
Audio is better than expected
With the upgrade
Great value.
So much in a small package
Love it!
Alexa does not listen
More useful than I expected, world?s greatest kitchen timer
Nice product, but...
Great alarm clock
Privacy
Best Dot Yet
Great New Dot!
Amazon Dot and Alexa are great!
Great sound quality, louder!
Much better sound and an excellent price!
Great technology to have!
Simply awesome
Fun convenience
Buy for Alexa not the speaker
Great improvements from the 1st and 2nd gen
Beautiful sound and look
Want more!
Does not accept commands when it?s asked to stop
Easy to Use.
Still Latency issues.
Not what I expected
Easily out of eye sight.
Nice one, yet could remove restrictions
A very versatile product!
They have way better sound
Got one for Christmas . . .
Excellent Amazon tool
Works great, plenty of volume
Sounds great and easy to use!
Better Than Gen 2 But Read Reviews
Disappointed
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Well, 3rd gen is louder...
Has never worked quite right
Potential pre registration set-up issue
Good upgrade from gen 2
Alexa?s a hoot
More than worth the price
They link together to play in stereo through the house.
Works beautifully!
Better sound quality!
Buy it on sale
Amazon has no solution to this problem
Works Great
Love it!
Sound is muffled, too much bass.
5 Stars!
Great echo dot!
Great product.
Big step up from gen1
Not great at synchronization
makes my dog go into a panic
I?m in love with this thing!!
it's very good for the price.
Perfect for my 85 year old mother
Fun and useful.
So improved!
Coolest little thing...
Great product for a Great price....
Great gift!
Love it..
New Echo 3rd Generation
Love it!
Alexa is awesome.
Pretty cool Gadget it's basically like having your own personal assistant
A terrific  accessory for home
You Are Being Spied On!
The sound system is better
Love my dot... Think the wife is Jelous.
Worth it!
Very nice.
Buy it!!!
echo - make my day!
Grandma loves it, too difficult for ludite though.
First impression is this could be good.
Great sound, but needs better AI and more wake-up phrases.
No major complaints.
It?s okay
Love!!!!
Easy to install
Works Great
Random turning on with static noise
More fun than I expected
Worth upgrading from the 2nd gen Echo Dot
Much better than gen 2.
Better... but not by much
Convenient and Easy to use
Demon?
Terrible sound quality
She's great Company!
Same Echo, smaller package
Crazy New Family Member
Nice Alexa Accessory
Much improved sound!
Easy to install, great assistant
Alexa, hehehe. Glad she cannot submit feedback on me
Not a necessity
These have great sound compared to the older units.
Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Generation a must Have!
Ok!
More infuriating than helpful
stupid f shit  cant play radio.com had to f with it dumass
Just Scratching the Surface!
FUN!
3rd Generation Dot is Amazing
Piece of Art
#voicefirst is the big trend
It Works!
MY FIRST ECHO DEVICE
All I Had Hoped For
So excited and love it!
Not bad
Nice product.
Amazing Sound
Echo dot
Not responsive - locks up?
Nice upgrade in volume from Gen 1
Las restricciones geogr?ficas son absurdas
She listens??
I don?t see any improvement over 2nd gen.
Well worth the $25 I paid for it.
Echo is so convenient and helpful
Speaker isn?t sounding right
Great device.
Echo Dot Invasion!!
Amazon made it even better
Wonder product
Small device, big sound.
DON'T BUY ECHO DEVICES
Echo dot works great with Alexa & smart accessories
Disconnect Nightmare
Impressed.
Instant Gratification!
The many benefits of Echo Dot
Great for on-demand music
Very happy with sound and functionality
Killer to Google Chrome
Great Little Dot
Just as described in the reviews
It's a convenience I didn't know I was missing...
Good product but beware of privacy issues
Good sound quality for voice, distorted for music.
Great product
Pure entertainment
What a difference!
Useful
This was a steal!
Must have for everyone
Not compatible with new Samsung TV
LOVE MY ECHO DOT!
Static
Work good
Easy Set-Up Nice Sound
Excellent routine features!!!
Easy listening and quick add to lists that are than accessible on phone.
It can link to so much stuff around the house!
Very helpful device
Greatest Gadget i own
Alexa Makes Us Smile
Sound improvement is big!
Why did I wait so long!
Fun for whole family
Sometimes my phone will connect to this randomly
nice but could improve,CONTACT ME MAKERS
Truly surprising sound
It?s ok
Echo Dot/Alexa continues to improve
Great little communication device
Love Alexa!
The sound improvement is worth every penny
A very significant upgrade in sound vs the Echo dot 2.
You will get spoiled with Alexa
This is not an intelligent device, Alexa is stupid!  A glorified ?clapper? from the 1980?s
Great sound but different AC adapter than previous model
I really love these products!!!!
Can?t believe amazon make it.
Great sound and good product
Nice to be able to expand the coverage of Alexa.
Echo dot 3rd Gen
love it
The sound is good and it is convenient.
Speak clearly
Worth the hype
Alexa all day
Works fine
This is my 3rd Echo Dot
Great improvement in sound
No problems
Why I/we love Alexa.
The audio great for a small product
2nd one worked
My new friend!
Awesome product!
Love it!
4 stars
It?s like have the size of the dot with the sound of the full sized unit
Much improved over the already great gen 2!
All-new Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
So so
This little thing gets loud!
Great next gen
people ought to stop refering to non americans they dont understand english
Easy to set up
Was skeptical at first and now that I've been using it I love it!
It helps me sleep
Love the improvement on the quality of sound
Shes a dandy!
Great add on device would recommend
Nice sound improvement over the gen2
Easy to set up and use.
I love my little wiretap
Works well
The best yet...
Great sound!!
Great Device
Super Easy Set Up
Not to sure about this thing....
I thought i needed the app on my computer to set it up.
Our New Intercom
You can make a call without your cell being in the same room
Tons better than old version
arrived on time
Surprising Audio
Don?t bother, go with a better model
Newr and Improved
great sound
Love my gift
Very handy little device
Alexa on acoustic steroids!!!
Well...  Hmmm...
Bought 3 units, 2 out of 3 are defective - different defects with each
A couple of issues
Love this device.
Convenient and awesome
Super healful abs can?t wait to use it with other smart devices
ALEXA,,,,,,,,,,,, PLAY 80s R&B,,,, EVERYWHERE... ?
good product
Dramatically improved sound!
Better speaker
Very good sound quality
Apple Music on the echo?
Works great! Shipped quickly and safely.
I like it!
Love the sound
Hits the Spot with the Dot!
She's Great!
A great product for anywhere in the house.
Absolutely lovely
Alexa Dot
Should be able to set up app on a kindle book that has WiFi from amazon to purchase books
Great help...
Good sound
Love it!
Buy if you like repeating yourself.
Get the google home mini if you want to use it for a lot of smart devices.
Great for music, weather, alarms, traffic and general info.
good price
The speaker sounds great!!!!
This version of the Echo Dot is much louder
My second Alexa
works great!
Highly recommend
My Husband
Would buy again
Attractive and easy to use digital assistant
Fun and very handy.
Just love Alexa!!!
Works wonderfully.
It?s entertaining
Returned.
Our family is liking Alexa
Amazing sound! Made with high quality all the way
3 y.o. decides he knows tech enough to use the Echo Dot.
Very good product!
Fun with Echo Dot
Too convenient. I'm spoiled.
Much Better than 2nd Gen
Great gift for the older gen and for all
If you?ve been resisting this product? it?s okay to buy it now. You?ll be thrilled.
Waste of money
My Bet was on Alexa, but Google is better
She's always there
This is awesome
I'm enjoying it
Wonderful alexa
This little dot has terrific sound
Alexa's voice sounds muddled/to bassy not good
Frustrating for me.
Easy!
A handy little tool
Not really better than previous models
Campus Wifi Connectivity issues and Sound Quality
With your Alexa app you can turn your lights on at night before you even enter your home.
Love love love this new version - great addition to my house ? music in almost every room! ?
Speaker Blown with Modest Use within 90 days
Works well with speakers.....
I do not like the way my package was delivered!
Kind of a novelty but I like it
Excellent!
Love my echo dots
Love it!
We love our Echo dot
A little glitch but easy fix
Heavy Hockey Pucks with Good Sound
Echo starts my day.
Easy setup. Lots of uses!
I wouldn't buy again.
Better than 2nd Gen Dots!
She is incredeble
The mic and sound are a lot better then 2nd Gen.
Echo makes it easy!
Great product.
No search engine
So useful for you & your family!
Love, love it!
Seems as good as the old one, but inexplicably uses a special plug
Vast improvement over the Gen 2
This thing sounds great
The person who didn?t want it is using it all the time
Easy to use
Great sound
Best thing ever
Fun!
A Cool thing to have!
NEAT
Worth it!!
Love it!
Great!
Fun device too have, and informational
Good audio, Good microphones, Recommended
Very useful device!
Great ? speaker
You've just got to get one or two or...
Great product
Looks and works well.
Great Device
Great but is it worth the extra money over the gen 2
More powerful speaker
It's wonderful
So handy!
Great speaker for music quality, but at the expense of voice quality.
Another gadget.
So much fun.
Alexa
Great product
I enjoy this so far!
Convenient but Sound quality just OK
Lots of help from Alexa. Really enjoying this, need another and some smart plugs
small, loud and badass
A vast improvement.
Next Generation
Muffled Audio.
Improved sound quality.
New & Improved!
love it and hate it
No worse, no better
Disappointed
Hard of hearing
Love It!
Received it for renewing my XM subscription
Noticeable improvement
good deal
The 3rd generation Alexa Echo has a better ?quality? sound
My dot has hiccups
Alexis is notional
Great little speaker
Go for the one that has a screen
Performance is amazing
Best Echo Dot Ever
Maybe in 10 years it will be functional
It works as advertised. No gimmicks that I?ve found yet. Love it.
Doesn't work.
This is a must have in every room in the house.
Sounds great
She has a lisp sometimes
The perfect gift
Amazing product
3rd Gen Echo-Dot
Why did I wait so long!
muffled sound
Awesome. This one gets????????????
It's like having a personal assistant at our beck and call.
not happy with " I don't know"
The Speaker of Death
Great!!
Disappointing
Definitely better sound
Not very smart...
E go dor 3rd generation - Alexa
I think the sound is a little better then the 2nd gen
Great sound quality
Revolutionary!
It?s great!
Not dependable.
Great sound, honestly an amazing value for a smart speaker.
Personal Secretary
Great sound!
Love my dot!
You almost had me!
She needs actually useful baseline skills.  A raspberry pi half the size does more
Better than sliced bread
I never knew just how much I needed alexa in my life!
Great Product highly recommend
Perfect
Great sound quality
Working fine so far.
Returning
Love it!
Just scratching the surface
Works great
Love it!
We love Alexa
I love Alexa
Great sound and like the new look
So easy!
excellent sound quality
Great
Love, love , love it
Good sound quality.
Great, little gadget
Good for a small space
Bought as a gift!
I like my Echos!
Ehhh?
Alexa is maybe schizophrenic and hears voices...
small yet effective
better sound
Love these...
Better than original by far
Good gift for the person who has almost everything.
Amazing product from Amazon
Nice Upgrade From Prior Versions
Was a little hard to set up
Perfect for the bedroom.
Incredible device at an incredible price point
Great upgrade!
If you have the option, pass.
Same story, better speaker
Who cares about privacy, Alexa does everything!
Great speaker setup
Great gift for the family.
Great new addition to the Echo Dot line
Could be better
It?s louder.
Great sound
Great quality for a great price!
Very happy with purchase!
Gen 3 ECHO is Awesome
If you ever wanted an Alexa, you waited long enough!
Above Average Assistant, Below Averege Speaker
Love it!
Alexa is NOT ready....
Great, until the sound begins to distort
Keeps disconnecting from Wi-Fi
I keep wanting to say "Thank you, Alexa"
GREAT DEVICE
Great home addition. Way better than a bluetooth speaker.
Very useful
great sound
Better than what was already great
Easy setup and great sound!
Good speakers
LOVE IT, bigger sound.
Love ? love and is very helpful for me.
Love it!!
It's ok. good for music
Works great
Enhanced Sound and a Lot More!
Works great.  But who needs it?
Wonderful
Great for information and music
Love my Echo
Great sound.  Way better than Gen 1 Dot
Definitely a game changer!
Great Improvements in 3rd Gen
Mixed sentiments
Dot Echo
External speakers
Solid improvement!
Next toy tech in my life!
Alexa is so cool. She can do so many things
Would buy again
In Love
Handy Product!
Better speaker, but worse performance compared to 2nd gen
Smaller Echo, Same Great Features
Love it
Great gadget
6 days later prime.
The sound is excellant
Just buy the 2nd gen!
Alexa is better
Fun
Average
Fabulous Speaker for its compact size.
Works great
Echo dot 3rd version a winner!
Better sound, worse hearing
Color options make it a most have.
best investment i have made all year
It sucks
Very impressed
Best speaker I?ve had
Alarm snooze does not work!  What the heck?
Fantastic home tool.
Works/Soinds Good
I bought two
Great upgrade
I'm enjoying it.
Life changing!
Great product
Greatly improved sound quality
Its Hard of hearing
VERY COOL
Great product, sound can be a little iffy every once in a while.
Nice backup to the Spot
Just not up to snuff compared to the Google HomeMini
Love the new style!
Good price and full featured.
Stopped working i
Works well
Happy w Alexa
I'd like one for every room in my house!
Still a man?s world
A good start but not ready for market yet
Absolutely love the 3rd generation dot
Alexa is so much fun.
Kind of cool
Not worth it
Received as a gift!
Markedly improved sound quality
She knows her stuff!
Love it
Pass your old Echo Dots to a friend.
Echo Fot 3rd Gen is a winner
Alexa. .where have you been all my life?
Sound System Fails after appx 2 months of use
Great deal for a helpful device, love it!
I purchased this to listen to tune in at night. It is great for that and more!
Works great
It?s listening.
easy setup
Muffled sound - Disappointed
Obsessed!
Much louder than 2nd gen!!!!
Echo drop in doesn?t work on all 3 echo dots I purchased
Nice little speaker
MUCH better than Gen 2
Great Upgrade
The sound is pretty good
Great sound, but a bit awkward on the sensitivity
I'm glad I didn't pay for it
Talked Quebecois !!
Great new features
Great device.
Obsessed with it!
Hurray Alexa
Perfect purchase for anyone
LOVE IT
Love alexa
It?s Awesome!
Alexa TiVo and plex
works perfectly other than the occasional static
Do Your Homework first
It can do more than you expect!
Absolutely brilliant
Not as good as the 2nd gen
My dad loved it
Excellent product
Much better than the original dot!
My Mom loved this gift
Handy addition to the family
Better speaker than original
This this is awesome...
Review all information
Not real easy to use. Didn't see a need
Terrible
Amazing sound from a small device
New best friend, Alexa!!!
Better sound ??
Gen 2 has a better reliability
Sounds good,  Perfect for in the bedroom.
My first product with Alexa
3rd gen Echo dot is great!
Great purches! Can't wait to add the sub to my collection!
Good quality, good sound
Best purchase ever
Audio is SO much better than 2nd gen
Helpful little thing ain?t she?
Loving our Echo.
Useful
Better quality and sound.
I love it!
Great sound
Sound is greatly improved over its predecessor!
Amazing
Love this next generation model of Echo Dot - Speaker is awesome
A Gem!
Echo Fun - Excellent Sound!
Sent wrong color, but perfect other than that.
what I expected
Echo Dot 3gen
Our New BFF
Thank you.
Great Sound
Nice gadget, but..
Cool and convenient
Awesome!
Super fast shipping
Definitely worth owning
Multi purposeful product.
have one, gifted 3 Alexas
The perfect device every home should have!
Life Changing Device
Solid choice
The sound quality...
Sound is muddy
Echo Dot Review
Cannot use with Apple Music on IPhone
Music Butler
Works exactly as described
A must have!
Excelente Asistente
it doesn't give you what you requested for.
Love Question of The Day
Very Useful!
This is a really fun item to have in your kitchen or anywhere!
Cheap Way to Add Alexa, Sound Quality is Lacking
Love the sound upgrade
Love the Dot!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Works well with others
Not many accessories for it.
This present made me famous with family
Has a learning curve to know how to ask for things
It?s fun!
Not that helpful
Echo dots
Disappointing
Great tech toy....
Amazing product
Best purchase in 2018
Makes my life so much easier
Had little trouble setting up. But my tech friend from Puerto Rico had no problem.
Very cool
Good for small rooms
The most useful gift I?ve received in a long time!
Much better looking than older models and just as functional as larger models.
Amazing!
This technology still amazes me!
Works well, as expected
Such a great gift!
Baby Alexa
Great for kids and homework!!
This thing is impressive.
Wow!
Very cool technology
Amazing Sound
Teen grandkids love it!
Like the new look
Great Deal, Great Poduct
A great thing even better
The best modern home assistant.
Very good for Echo low price point
The best!
Wow
Iheart radio never opens
Won't stay connected to the internet
Like second gen better!
easy to use
Incredibly versatile
Helps with the little things
Great sound of a little round speaker.
Sounds fantastic!
Love the upgrades
Alexa is the best!
Easy to use and great sound quality!
We love it so far
Best Echo for a small room
Works good
There is an app required to optimize this gadget
What an improvement
Its small and cute
So convenient
useful
Apps within apps smh and nothing really free
nice!
Works as described.
WOW
I thought it was a little better than it is!
Great speaker on its own
Echo Dot does the trick.
Major sound experience upgrade
Unbelievable sound.
Echo Dots
Louder speakers but poor hearing
Great bass on the sound, much better than the old echo dot
I love my Amazon Dot
Love It!!!!!!
Do NOT recommend!
MY NEW TECH HABIT
Alex is great anywhere in the house.
Wow 3rd gen blows away earlier models
Alexa is the best thing since popcorn
Meet the Jetsons, sort of.
Very easy to setup and connect to smart light bulbs
Surprisingly good sound
Life changing
Works great anywhere!
this does all kinds of things
Easy set up
Such a fun thing to have around the house
Works great. Has extra features/commands & games/knowledge I didn?t expect
Nice device
Great sound
Decent sound and good functions
Good sound
Relatively the same as the last Dot but visually nicer!
Great improvement over the previous echo dot
Great sound!
Great item
I love my echo dot.
Realy Enjoy The Echo Dot
Aah, Alexa.....
Missing two echo dot 3rd generation speakers
Maximum Fustration
3rd gen is awesome
Nice
Loved.
Multi-uses for such a small footprint
Where is the music
fun
Second Echo in the house
So far, so good
What for?
Product Delivers
Amazingly good speaker
I love mine.
Cannot get it to setup
Awesome!
"Alexa, play Brown noises." I love my Dot.
Static
Blow Speakers
Nice Upgrade from 1st Gen
Great addition to Alexa family
Pleasantly surprised
Love it so far, one in every room.
Love this dot
Alexa is Amazing!!!!
A daily piece
Alexia is not a dull friend!
little
Really big sound
Better than Google Home
Good product, poor supply chain management
Soumd, quality and price.
No Teenager accounts
Love my Echo!
Functions as Expected
Echo Dot Comes In Loud And Clear
Great purchase.
Won't Play Amazon Music anymore.  It only play iHeart Radio.
Worth the buy
A Blast getting to know her, and how to use her with different things!
Much better audio quality
Doesn't work unless you pay for the service
A amazing device. Fun fun fun
WE LIKE THESE DOTS
I love the 3rd gen dot
Like it . Very good.
No Pandora
Very easy to set up
Good sound, for a small speaker.
Nice device. Nice price.
Good but not great!
Great 3rd Gen Dot
Fun!
Great Little Device
Love it
Wow....junk.
Take your time to learn the device
She?s great I love my echo
Better than Google home mini any day !
it's just so simple to work  with
A must have
Spoons now louder but NOT Better
Great sound and convenience rapped in a small dynamic package!
Works great. Easy to operate
A great product with some minor changes from the older version
Get almost all the abilities of Alexa for next to nothing !!
She aight
This is Fun!!
I love my Alexa
A best product to start with AI.
Very Useful!
Really Cool
Bigger than dot 2, but not as sleek looking
Much better than google
Very Useful
Save your money
Easy to set up and use
Highly recommend!
Nice aethstetic update but bluetooth not as good as 2nd Gen
Improved sound over first generation Echo
smartest thing eveer
Good improvement
Great to have
Love!
Enjoy
Great Product
Meh, no thanks
Awsome
Capable of louder speaker
Just wonderful.
Great for free...
Alexa is good at playing tv shows but not at understanding some of the music playing commands.
Almost 60 Years Old...
Wish it charged like a phone and didn't have to be constantly plugged in
It is functional
Has brought huge joy to an elderly woman
Love it
Good product but something is wrong with sound
Girl named Alexa
Upgrade was well worth it!
My second Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Pretty good
Alexa Eco Review
Nice little addition!
The sound is much better than the second generation !
Excelente producto.  I love Alexa
Great item to have in all households.
Loud!
Love Alexa!
Efficient.
Lots of fun
Just as expected
Love this in my kitchen.
Amazing sound, big upgrade from gen2
Love it
It's ok
Exceeded expectations!
better
Easy to set up, great sound
Not the piece of cake set up
Great device
Poor product
ECO Dot 3rd Gen Review
A bit disappointed!
Not impressed.
Great value For The Price
Great for adding to my shopping list
The echo dot is fantastic!
Love my echo
Great Sound, Great for Keeping Family Connected
Great device
so so microphone
Love my dot
Does not know everything.
Definitely louder than previous generation
Love my Dot!
My Ecko Dot 3rd generation
Great product
Alexa needs a hub that supports Zwave
Simple.
Disappointed/discouraged
Echo Dot 3
ITS FUN AND IT TALKS BACK
I really like it.
Loving it!
Nice but stereo doesn?t work with Bluetooth connected devices.
Seems good
works perfect, super responsive
Great Sound
Has ignored verbal requests twice in the first week because of connection issues.
Great in Broadband, May have trouble maintain connection in dsl.
Love the hands free phone option and weather check
Better sound, ok microphones
Grandma is LOVING Alexa
Loved this item
No help feature in the book or the web page.  iPhone work fine.
Alexa
Nice!
Love my Alexa/Echo/Amazon Devices
Echp Dot (3rd Gen)
Big sound in a small package!
Good product but prefer google home
Is Alexa, but
Streaming limitations I f you have more than one Echo,
3RD Gen a lot smoother!
Not useful as I expected
So easy to use
Much Improved Over the 2nd Generation
Great Product to have in the house...
Love be the new Alexa!
It's ok...
Overall we love it!
Works good
Very pleased
Recommend
News on the go.
Alexa is so fun!
useful device
Great fun and a helpful tool
Better than 2nd gen!
useless if you dont have a lot of other devices
Upgrade from dot 2.
Soooo much fun!
It?s okay
Great sound quality!
Its worth it
It's not having enough Vocabulary
Very good product
Amazing
Always listening
Great deal!
bought extra
Don?t know how I got along without her.
Great for first time this first time Alexa user
nice sound
design is okay, not as attractive
Nice intro to smart speakers
Not for me...
Pretty awesome
It's fun, not sure if productive in any way.
A Game-Changer
Most improved
Alexa!
You dont even realize what all it can do
Alexa .... you are amazing !
Echo Dot
poor quality
What a helpful tool for daily entertainment!
ALEXA WHAT'S NEW?
Fun, but issues connecting with calendar
Divertido y funcional
Thankful to have!
We love our Echo Dots
This is my first, planning to get more.
echo
Plug is huge! And not USB!
Great sound!
works well with main Alexa
Love it
Amazing !
Easy To Use!
Very easy setup
this one gave me a lot of trouble
Great help
Worth the price.
Freaking Awesome!
Better sound that the original dot
Very interesting.
3rd Generation Echo Dot is Beautiful!!
3rd Echo
Junk spend 1 hour registering device
Fun convenience.
Pretty good!
Love my new Echo Dot
So far, so good.
Looks good, new sound
Ask it anything
Happy 13 yr old
Never thought I would like an Encho Dot
Looks great but doesn't carry on a conversation with you.
Loving the Echo Dot
What's it for?
Awesome Device
3rd Gen Dot review
Wonderful
Better sound and look
Kids can't use with Prime Music
Alexa is not very smart
This is awesome!!
WOW
Love it
Mostly good but could be improved...
Great find
We are Alexified!
Easy to use
Great product that?s actually easier to use than I thought!
LOVE IT!!
Alexa turn on the lights is the best thing ever
What the heck??
Don?t get for sound
My son loves this
I love Alexa!
Huge sound improvement over 2nd gen
Introvert's besty
Wonderful!
Mama's helper.
Not that smart
LOVE!!
GREAT PRODUCT
Improved Sound, Nice Look
Alexa Lights On
A little better than you'd expect
much better than google Mini
Good luck adding devices
Love this , thanks Amazon
I love this great, fun gift.
Need clearer install instructions
Great sound.
Does almost everything
Home theater use
Getting better all the time!
Alexa is our new BFF!
Worth every penny!
Love!
No USB Connection
Great item
Perfect for anybody
I love the fact that it?s louder and bigger butt?
Horrible microphones ? Huge downgrade from previous gen.
Sounds Great!
WOW!
Love it!
Drop in
Fun little speakers
More fun than I could have dreamt of..
Alexa 3gen.
Fine accessory
Amazing sound and so worth it!!!!!
Build quality is outstanding
Nice Echo Dot with better speaker
Love my dot!
Still work to be done.
good
Buggy but dealing with it
Not overly problematic to function
Alexa
Cool device.
Useless if you want family members to listen to Spotify at the same time
Get yourself one !
Love it
Best thing to spend money on for family.
Sound is really poor
Echo
This thing is awesome
It's an exspencive weather teller
We bought for the entire family.
Tinny when loud.
Great speaker
Echo dot
Great sound quality but not that intelligent
Alexa is always working
Our bathroom/closet is actually fairly large, and it works wonderfully!
You?re gonna love it
LOVE MY Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa
A Much Better Speaker
Echo Dot is great for the blind.
awesome
Love my Echo Dot!
A huge improvement over the Echo Dot second generation
Big Improvement
Works when it wants
Sound quality 100% better then v2
SO cool!
Sound great, but function not so amazing.
Great to have
Adorable
Handy. So far. Needs tweaking.
Love it
It is  really worth the pain.
Love it, yet it doesn't do good job with all kinds of research questions I ask.
Useful for blind people
Great Item
Echo Dot (Third Gen.)
Great!
Oh yeah!
The Amazon Echo Gen 3 Gift From My Brother
Should have bought this a long time ago
Echo dot 3rd gen
Move over Google
Call and message feature is a fail.
Sound quality
Definitely sounds better than the 2nd generation.
Pretty awesome.
Good
Something new to learn.
A nice musical bonus!
Good product
Better sound
Best purchase Ever!!
Much Improved!
Alexa, write my Amazon review
flat buzzing sound on "S"
Needs more smartness
Awesome sound and lots of fun!
Now THIS is a bargain
Definite sound improvement
Love our Alexa home
Small and compact with a great sound
Nice and powerful
It's unbelievably easy to set up.
Best Sound and value Echo Dot out there !!!
Have fun with the echo Dot
Alexa is a great addition
Kids love it
Love
So helpful!
Much Improved Sound Quality
Didn't think I would like it.
Echo Dot
LOVE
Good sound and easy to setup
Very disappointed
It was very easy to install the ECHO DOT into the wall mount.
Echo
Shipping was stupidly slow, especially as a Prime member
Alexa behaves well
Awesome Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Nice!
WiFi connectivity
Happy So Far
This product is okay, not great.
A cross between a toy and a tool
Great sound in a little package!
Looove looove
Great little unit.
Love it.
Excellent Quality Audio
Love my echo dot
Great little product for sound
So good I went from having none to buying Two!
much louder snd better quality sound
Awesome
Great
Meh
Love my echo dots!
Works as expected
I love Alexa!!!
I love it
Was mine now wifes
Hissing sound maybe my unit defect?
Getting to know you....
There is nothing hard about installation of the Alexa
More Useful than I thought
Decent upgrade
Tech Challenged
Most of the content unavailable in Caribbean
Perfect!!
Great sound!
This is a great gift. Easy to set up
Much, much louder
Big Improvement from 2nd Gen
Not available without WiFi.
Easy to install and use.
One of the speakers is defective.
Perfect Christmas Gift
Fun to use!
Will not use Amazon music from you other Alexas unless you pay more
Worth every penny!
Worth the price for the upgrade.
Great sound for music.
Perfect
Our first amazon "home" device and we're in love with Alexa
The greatest addition you'll ever make to your life of laziness!
Worst amazon product
Confusing and hard to see dial
So useful!
Less Responsive than Gen 2
This is what the first one should have sounded like!
Fun and helpful
Love my dot echos!
Exelente Dispositivo
Great audio!
LOVE My Dot
Useful
Love Our Alexas
Speaker!
A winner
Great for the kitchen mounted it on the underside of cabinets
Like the unit, Dislike the business Model
Very convient.
I love it.
This dot is great!
I guess you have to learn my voice is getting better and he?s funny he?s great thank you
Great sound
This Is Our Fourth Echo Device
New Version Is The Best So Far!
Love this
Have Alexa in every room!
Was a good buy for free with a discount code.
Alexa, entertain the family
Better than expected
A Must Have
I?m getting one for every room!!
Convenient, but......
the sound is pretty good
Fun device!
Echo
Echo Dot and Echo Touch do not sync up.
Not too bad!
Alexa has a since of humor.
Rich new sound, microphone not so sensitive.
Huge upgrade from Dot 2
Very smart Dot!
Great way to get in touch with your kids when you aren't home.
3rd gen Echo Dot
Love her!
A++++
Do you really need it ?
I HAD NO IDEA
Much richer sound.
this is awesome
I Like Alexa
Not worth the price
Great update to 2nd generation...
Speaker quality is very good for the small size of the Dot.
Absolutely amazing  !!!!!!!!!
Much improved speaker sound and look!
fun little thing
Perfect addition for every room!
Nice addition to current Alexa
New Echo Dot third-generation excellent
Alexa
Bulkier than older echo dots
Must buy!
Fun product!
Very easy set up etc
Doesn't hear well
We just really enjoy this 3rd gen Dot, our 2nd
Tie them together to give stereo sound
Use it all the time!
Echo Dot 3rd G is a fun and practical device
Never knew how much I would appreciate this product until I used it.
I?ve just begun to get acquainted with Alexa, but?
Hello Alexa!
Surprisingly Useful
it's fun to play with
Very problematic.
Echo Dot 3 is a fantastic buy
Nice little device
Glitchy
Amazon Echo Dot is worth its cost...not top of the line but not bottom of barrel either!
Set up is annoying
Sound quality improved but mics aren't that great
Easy for kids to use
Nice design
setup can be challenging!
Love it but a small issue
I love this
Very clear and extremely knowledgeable
Having multiple units is good.
Inexpensive and easy to use
Better sound quality
I love this thing.
good product from Amazon
Cant stream amazon music on multiple echos
Good sound
massive rip off
Awesome home assistant!!!
finally! someone that listens...
Loving it.
Louder, better
I must like it because I bought more.
great speakers
Another great addition
Good upgrade
Great for the shower
Great for what it should be.
Amazon Echo - A great product.
Amazon Music Unlimited Is the Best!
Great device
Good speaker but annoyed with unable to hear my command
Great speaker for the bedroom
Good for home automation and music
Echo dot 3rd Gen Worth It !!
Love it
Love love love
Better Than Original
Very nice upgrade from 1st. gen. Dot
Great access to Alexa
You have to keep them charging while listening
Disappointed At Advertising
Backup needed if used as medical pager
5 stars
I just Love Alexa
Great little product for the money
Excellent
Works like a charm
Enjoying Echo
As advertised
Awesome!
Alexa quality has plummetted
You can use it for everything
Best purchase!
This items works exactly as advertised.
Like it
Spotify connect!! And better sound
I love it
Amazing value and fun.
Better app usage please
Not very knowledgeable
It asks money for every thing. Nothing but a commercial device.
Awesome so far!!
You can turn off the microphone!
What did we do without Alexa?
I ?? Alexa. She helps me and I like it.
Surprisingly fun and useful
Love my Echo Dot
Alexa is fun
Never thought I would want or use one of these
My new best friend !
Love my Dot!
I think I'm addicted to these things.
Purchased for listening to SiriusXM in my home.
Clearer, louder sound!
I love it!
Great improvement
Loving Alexa on my Echo Dot 3rd Gens!
Works good
HARD TO HEAR!
Really like this product
wonderful
Love the Gen 3 Echo Dot!
Don?t buy . It sucks
Still learning all the features
Alexa is amazing!
Hands down the easiest gift to give!
The Echo Dot is so versatile.  Great price, great product.
Amazing!
Amazing sound for a Dot
Privacy issues
Viva Alexa
Very good product
It really works!!
Amazing
Still learning
Very useful, and sometimes annoying.
Nice sound
it spoke english for about two days. Now it only talks in spanish.
Enjoying this new "toy".
Love the dot
What's not to love !!!
The Echo Dot so far
I wont miss another appointment again
Echo Dot
Simply a good product that delivers expectations
Our 2nd Alexa
Great upgrade
Disappointing sound qualty
Didn't think I'd want it, but...
Enjoying using the Echo
Great alarm clock!
Great Sound
No longer powered by USB
Ask it just about anything
Compact size, nice design, great sound
A smart device
Good quality
My grandson loves his new Echo Dot 3rd generation
Alexa does not understand me!
The Dot is sleek!
Alexa not up to hype
improved.
How did we live without it!
Echo Dot
Hands free
Convenient to listen to my music
Awesome sound
Such a versatile device! Love Alexa on the Echo dot.
A great product.
Great toy
Must buy
Our new family member!
Awesome sound
Would recommend Amazon Echo Dot! We love it!
Practical and Great
Love me some Alexa!
GREAT!!!
Great new speaker
Good price, always buy on Black Friday!
Love!! But wish shopping list would categorize.
ECHO DOT 3RD GEN
Great sound quality
Love this device
Cute blue  option in any room
Couldn't live without
Small, unobtrusive.
Love it!
Why I didn't get this sooner?
Great device!
Great product
Much improved sound quality!
was expecting more
What I like and dislike about Alexa.
Love this
Alexa is my new best friend.
Making life easier.
Only 120V it won't work outside the USA
Great device and sounds good too for music
Great sound for such a small device.
It is fun and easy to use.
No synchronation.
Amazing Alexa!!
Interesting and really sounds great.
Love all Amazon products but the dot doesn?t respond all the time
How you can connect to all devices
It?s ok.
Placement of the Amazon echo is the most important thing with this device
Nice quality. Audio is good considering the size
Had high hopes.
Love my dot
I love the new Dot.
The size is perfect in that it is not too big.
Not as robust as 2nd gen Dot. Too bad.
Convenient
Great little assistant!
A necessity we didn't even know we needed!
Best Dot yet
I love my new amazon echo dot design and sound!
Love my echo dot !
It cant hear from 7 feet away.. mic is not the best.
Weather in an instant
Perfect at a great price
Fantastic Alexa Device!
It's not perfect but it's ok
Technology is awesome
Alexa seems very stupid
Easy for all agest to use
Bigger and better
Gen 3 Speaker
Big sound, small package
Perfect size. Great sound!
Simplicity is better
???
Great for my Work Office
Love it
Alexa keeps me on time!
Great gift
Good upgrade
Great sounding Echo Dot
Love my dot
Wow! This knows everything.
loud for how small it is
How did I live without these?
Drop in
Definitely the best Dot yet!
I like it
Amazing !
Sleek design, good sound
I liked it
Great Sound
Calling it a "speaker" may be deceiving.
Great Purchase
Good could be better!
Amazing!!!
Excellent item, I need more usage, it is me not Echo
Great Product
Major upgrade from 2nd gen
Good for music but not at answering questions
Would buy for a friend!
Family loves it
Best companion for the house!
Works great.
Greatly improved sound!
Static?
Worth the money for sure.
How did we ever live without this?
Good Improvement
Great new gen of dots!
Excellent smart speaker
Fantastic Device
Good accompaniment to the Echo Show
Easy to use
It?s an awesome accessory to any home !
Great sound!
5 ? sound quality
We Just Love It!!!
how good is the volume over the larger ones
it can be helpfull.
Fun
I use it everyday and night
Love the interaction
Good sound for small speaker
Making daily life easier
One of the best purchases I?ve made love it
Great sound quality!
good value
Be patient, learn how to ask for the task you need listen to suggestions, have fun!
Nice Upgrade
Get up, get down, welcome home
Love it
Alexa >Siri
love my Echo Dot (3rd Gen)
Great sound!  I love it!
A must have!
I love Alexa !!
Exactly what I needed.
Amazing how the Echo Dot works!
Great device... Great sound
Better sounding than the 2nd gen Dot
Echo Me
Great gadget!
Installing Echo Dot was Easy
another usless device
Great device
Beautiful look and quality
Easy to setup and use.
A Fun Product
does not really tell su how it works
Good to have,, something different then i'm used to
Loving the Dot.
better sound and respone
Much better than the previous dot
Definition of older words and terms is not known by Echo.
Easy to use
Hello Alexa
Great sound!
Perfect present!
These little guys are cool!
If you don't have one it's a must!!
Everything
Great Echo Update
The Echo
Would buy again
Best Version Yet
I love the new Echo
Stopped working as well
Thanks so much for the dot it's fantastic
Not completely satisfied with the Dot!
App for Android will NOT operate!  FREE is the RIGHT price!  Worthless to me.
This is fun technology
Great product
Quick and Easy information
Sound great!
Music is Great
Great little helper
Awesome and much improved!
Great small speaker
It a miss for every family
Sound is better but still not great
2nd Echo Dot
How fast Alexa executes the command.
As described
Alexa echo dot
Great Speaker
We were having problems with our alarm clock.
I love this thing!
Better than the original! Sounds great!
Amazing sound system for music
Great find
Switching to Google Assistant
I couldn't believe my ears!
Louder, heavier, but more robotic sounding
Love this Dot
Echo Dot
Great Technology
Love it so much I have three!
Controls almost everything.
Will not sync w/o internet.
Enjoyment for things unknown
White noise or relaxing sounds at night
It's like having a very smart assistant always available
Great new sound!
Would like it replaced- customer service won?t replace it yet.
I like it
Echo Dot 3G
Great gift for my wife
New companion in the kitchen!
Better than expected
is it better?
Great little speaker
Great little device
Dont Know What I did Before This
Great new design
Love it!
Meh
Useful
You will be happy with this purchase
Cannot simulplay audio on 3rd gen dots alone
Amazing upgrade
Hands free Alexia
Needed more
Great Alexa Smart Speaker!
Awesome Product
Love this product!
Good quality sound
Funciona en espa?ol en Estados Unidos
Love it so much i bought 3
great resource
Very Impressed!
Echo Dot 3rd Generation
Very Good convenience Small speakers for Use with Alexa
Love it
would not activate
echo dot 3
Like it
My friend Alexa
So much fun!
Once you figure this thing out its oK
Great product
Junk
Not very smart for AI.
These are great in every room for lights, info, weather, and jokes.
Good
Why no universal charger ?
Works as described and priced right
A bit echoey, but still a good device.
Awesome addition
I always have to revert to typing in my questions
LOVE
Improved sound
I'm in love!
Poor Quality Sound/ Blown speaker
The Echo Dot is the best gift I ever received.
Fun gadget
Better sound quality than Echo dot 2
did not thing about it read follow review
Great Look - But Alexa Seems to Trapped in a Tunnel
I ?????? My echos.
Always impressed
Nice design
Great product, really fun to use!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scratchy speaker sounds
It works great!
Don?t miss the Chuck Norris jokes!
Good buy and better mic and sound
Very helpful.
Great little device to have
Worth the buy
Echo Dot Sound
Much better sound!
It doesn?t work
lengthy learning curve
Pretty cool little gadget
Nice speaker
Sounds amazing! Good job on this one!
Just Buy it You'll love it!!!
She listens all the time.
Yes, you need an Alexa!
Fun and functional!
Looks attractive
Alexa, give yourself a high five
Easy to Use.  Has many purposes.
Good bang for your buck
Voice recognition microphones aren't as good as the last model.
Much improved
Great device!
So versatile!
A great safety item.
Alexa Echo Dot 3
Like but do not love
Great product
So much better than 2nd gen
Kitchen Alexa
She really talks back to you. ?
Great item
It Makes Life Easy....
Disappointing sound quality
Alexa, three generations later.
Great size!
Good buy!
Home automation simplified.
Actually the same product
Not as polished as the Gen 2
Good Design
Much Improvement
My NEW BFF
Echo Dot
Very helpful!
Awesome
Intermittent static all of a sudden after2 months of use
Great for everything
It?s fun to have this
Great addition to the home
The echo dot 3rd generation it doesn't respond as well to my voice as the 2nd generation did.
The audio plug is bent to left making it useless
It arrived on time.
Sound is a problem.
A strong update to the Dot gen 1 and 2
Great sound quality
I like it
She doesn?t reply to all of the commands as seen on tv
Increase Alexa presence for a few bucks.
2nd unit still doesnt work
Buy it you won?t regret it
The speaker is great!
Can't hear the commands, keep the regular dot
It?s great!!!
Probably the best smart speaker around !
Love it!
great!!
Easy to Set Up
I like it..but
Alexa
Lots of hype. But it?s really just an ok speaker.
better sound
It's ok.......
Fits right in.
Great product but a learning curve
Good
Love my Dot
Echo Stopped Working in Less Than 3 Weeks
Very Useful
Get a dot!
Sound quality is good
Love it!
Love my echo devices
Great family gift!
Nifty device
Ease of use
Echo Dot 3rd Gen
Speakers blew out
Sounds better, but not as good at recognizing your voice
Take the time to set it up!
Very Entertaining
we enjoy it
Works as expected, but to me it's quite muffled sounding
WOW Love this one better
You can use the Echo Dot without having to buy any other devices.
My daughter absolutely loves it
Great Christmas Gift
Absolutely a mess
A great addition to our house
Temperature when you need it.
Impressed!
5 in my home
Great sound
Love my Alexa
Echo and Alexa are the bomb.
Better sound that previous version
Awesome sound
Sound quality 100% better than 2nd gen dot
Great products
Echo Dot
Nice updated device
More than expected!
Awesome!!!
Last almost two whole months getting a replacement
The recognition rate of the sound of the item is lower than that of the "G" brand.
Great product very cool gadget.
Well made.
Echo Dot - Love it!
Alexa echo dot
Best of friends
Question
I have 2nd generation I'm going to buy this one too for me I bought the other one for my daughter
Great gift idea.
Love
Big brother?s little helper
Alexa is awesome!
Great Addition
great sound !
Better than the previous one!
LOVE THE ECHO DOT!!!
This 3rd Gen Dot completes my smart home!
Beatiful device
Good
Hey, echo you are awesome!!
not the best
Don't know how we lived without them
Amazing sound
Great Value and Sound is great
Already Bought  A Second One
Alexia, tell me the weather.
Fun for my granddaughter!
Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - New and improved smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal
It?s okay.
Alexa and Smart Plugs - Perfect Combination!
Christmas gift
Way better Than The Last Gen!
Every household needs an echo dot
All good products no matter what.
Great device
Worth every penny and on sale too!
Love the 3rd gen Dots!!
Having fun with it
PERFECT
The sound quality isn?t that great at a higher volume.
Great product
Handy device
Love, love, love
I keep waking up at night because it?s making a sound
losing it!
Great device!!!
This polished version is much improved
Alexa Everywhere!
Microphones does not distinguished very well
Good product
Great Speaker
Fun and works great for setting alarms! My kids love it
OUTSTANDING
the sound is much better than gen2.
Good
Nice to have
Easy to set up and use.
Great performance; just like the photo!
Great device
Got to love it
Awesome addition to the house.
Convenient, easy, and happy I received it as a gift!
Worth the price and simple
I wish I knew about these before .
Love It!
Just as advertised.
Great gift
love the convenience
There was a problem that went away, then comes back.
The ?drop in? feature is awesome!
Echo dot
Very useful, and fun product. 3rd Gen Echo Dot.
Good product.. has issues with WiFi if you use a VPN
Not working like my old Alexs
Very Polite
Love this for bed room
Sounds good but SOO disappointing.  Didn't know Liz Warren's Twitter handle.
Flip 3 (black) vs Flip 4 (blue)
Bluetooth Speaker Comparison -- 2017 Edition
MUST BE A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT.
Very loud and sound great
I'm a fan.
JBL Flip 4 Musing - My New #1
One star
Sound quality is good and I like the size but after not quite ...
Best Speaker You Will Find At $100
for 100$ this is a great, great value
AWFUL battery
The speaker stoped working after a week and charges but doesnt turn on.this was a  christmas gift and really dissapointed me.
JBL does it again
It sounded great when working
Best Speaker at This Price Point
Died in less than 90 days! UPDATE with more info.
Speaker tends to cut out when audio levels are below a certain threshold, but there is a workaround.
Loved it... While it lasted.
stopped working
Buyer Beware!!
Treble Too Harsh at Medium to High Volumes
Expected a solid product but was greatly dissapointed
It might be great, but it won't turn on
4 Hour Battery Life
Speaker Drops Out, JBL Said All Their Speakers Do That
Good Speaker just doesn't suit my purposes
Simply amazing little speaker.
fantastic
Battery life?
Powerful Speaker
BUY THE WARRANTY !!!
Dead in Six Months
DONT BUY
Great Product! Couldn't be more impressed.
Stop searching - 95% perfect speaker
These are great. I was using the JBL for quite some ...
Good, clean, crisp sound
Best performing small size speaker
I had to buy another flip 4
Love JBL, Hate this (defective) speaker
If you're looking for a capable bluetooth speaker that sounds good, you've found it!
Amazing sound. Horrible battery life!
Looking for big sound from a small device?
Fantastic JBL Flip 4 Speaker. Very happy with it!!
Greatest Speaker for under $100. Period.
A noticeable upgrade from the Flip 3
Defective piece of garbage.
Sounds good but limited functionality.
Better then expected...
Nice sound, little package
Good clear sound
The battery life seems good. It lasts long enough to not pay attention ...
Only one star for now
Great speaker for the price!
It's junk after 3 months!
Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One speaker is awesome. Two? A little tricky but it works!
Great speaker for all occasions
Not quite up to expectations for JBL.
Great sound for the price!  Design could use a small tweak!
JBL Flip 4 great blue tooth speaker
Amazing and extremely handy to bring anywhere.
Disappointed
Loud and Full
Nice little speaker when it would stay connected
I work in a Diesel Shop
Don't assume that 2 speakers will pair
COMPLETELY STOPPED working after 3 months
SOUND GOOD TO ME!
A Solid Choice
Generally a great speaker for the price
Battery Issues
I think this is going to be a solid buy for most people
Puts out LOUD and CLEAR sound for its size! BASS is great!
Great for what it is
Stupid
Disappointed in the Flip 4
Was my flip 4 pre used ???
Compact, great sound and quality feel
Defective Product...
Great sound at a modest price.
Not a bad speaker. Charger is trash.
Typical JBL Quality that is NORMALLY associated with JBL
Love that I can pair it with my daughters and ...
A solid bluetooth speaker that perfoms as advertised!
Wonderful when it works
Great Speaker With 1 Complaint (s/b 3.5 stars)
I'm very happy with it
Outstanding overall, battery could be better.
Sounds Great, but has a hissing when idle and a bluetooth problem
Well worth the money!
Not bad, but there is better
Absolutely Amazing
Compact design, great sound quality
Inconsistent quality, 1 of 2 speakers are terrible
Good little speaker
One fatal flaw
Disapointed
Battery Life Sucks
The most bang for your buck
It's often untrue to state that "you get what you pay for." In this instance, you DO get what you paid for.
Surprisingly good sound, especially with Viper4Windows
HOLY CRAP! This thing is amazing!
Great sound, great durability
So far, so good
VERY DISSAPOINTING-can?t link 2 speakers together via Bluetooth with my computer :(
Jaw-dropping, crystal-clear sound
Was great while it lasted, but only lasted 4 months.
awesome for outside activities
I did not expect this to sound as amazing as it does
good sound quality but...
Bumps like mad
Sounds great
Loses power instantly.
Wonderful Sound
Great Sound!
Does the job, but there are better options for cheaper
Love this speaker
Awesome Bluetooth speaker!
Great sound & portability & durability, NO REWIND
Rich Full Sound, No Disappointments!
Sound and quality is amazing
Quiet Bass, Short Battery Life, Bad App.
the best purchase I made last year
2 UNITS FAILED LIKE CLOCKWORK!
Great speaker for however long the battery will hold up
The device is great, but the software is garbage
What an amazing product! I use this on my bike
Impressed with this Speaker!
Love, Love, Love
Awesome!!!
Awesome Bluetooth Speaker!  Worth the Investment!
Great for cycling
Great sound, lightweight yet sturdy, great battery life
Perfect wireless speaker, great for outdoor or next to swimming pool.
Not bad... Battery life isn?t as promised.
Great Speaker
great sound and perfect for active persons and water exposure.
I like it !
Big quality sound for a great price
Good but some ?eh?
Get your own!
Loved it and still do.
Like a Boss
Has Almoststopped working completely
Exceptional quality in design, build, and sound.
It's OK
Decent, but average overall beyond looks.
Such a great speaker, we bought a second one!
I LOVE this li?l speaker! Packs a punch!
Great speaker!
Amazing Sound
Great speaker for a great price
Good sound, waterproof, no skip buttons.
And i'm so glad i chose this over the new BOSE speaker
Best portable speaker I have owned and I have owned several.
Great bluetooth speaker, no regrets
Lasted 8 Months....
Love it.
Great Sound
Little speaker with a big sound
Battery lasts 20 minutes
Has pretty good sound with good bass
Amazing sound from this little speaker!
Great Sound Quality, Great Price
super solid product
Ok
Perfect for water sports!!
Excelente Sonido
Amazing sound quality!
It really is water proof
Sound is pretty good and pretty loud
Nice, but one flaw...
Nice speaker for the money
JBL knocked it out of the park with this one!
The sound is great! The two-device system is flawed however
The stereo sound on two 4's together is fantastic. Better than a older Bose speaker we have
Doesn?t quite live up to the hype.
Can't go wrong with JBL
Defies laws of physics
The battery does not hold a charge after 8 months of usage.
Buy this speaker!
Great Sound, perfect size!
Impressive Sound
FINALY
JBL Flip 4.
Great speaker with some software issues
JBL audio outperformed UE speakers
Extremely impressed
great speaker, great sound
Really impressive
Great Sound, Good Value
Buy 1, not 2.
Good sound for such a small, portable, package.
Good product but battery life is an issue
All Around  Great Speaker!!
JBL Flip 4 vs UE Boom
A Great Investment
All I can say is WOW!!!
Amazing quality, even better price!
Best Small Bluetooth Speaker
She loved it!
Everything you need in a small package!
JBL knows what's up
Great speaker for the price
Great speaker, totally worth the price.
Impressive
The best one I've had!
sound quality, connectivity, battery life, design -  all excellent !
Not working...
Better than those more expensive brands
Use it every day
Surprisingly good.
JBL ROCKS !
Worth every penny...
Sound is awesome!!
Compact with a punch.
Great sound!
Waterproof AF
Fantastic Portable Speaker!
Fantastic Speaker
Cuts in and out and a lot of static when synced.
My new favorite item
Great Sounding Portable Speaker
Tons of fun!
Amazing portable speaker !
Best speaker for under 1 large bill
Better than Bose because I?m not afraid to take it outside.
Perfect for my biking fits in the bottle holder.
Outstanding
Best speaker on the market!
Incredibly impressive.
Great sound from a small speaker.
This thing is great!
... no speaker expert but me and my family are happy with it
Buy this thing you will love it!
Excellent speaker phone
Great sound and long battery life
Not the original but ok
Awesome small and inexpensive speaker
Awesome Durable Reliable Portable Sound Beast!
This speaker lasted one year and five days which is ...
Improves an already stellar portable speaker
Great sound, perfect size!
Great Sound from Small device!
Great sound. Using multiple's a bit clunky.
BRILLIANT!!!!
Loving my JBL Flip
UGGHHHMAZINGGGGGG!
Nice sound for the size
Couldn't be happier with this!
A less expensive option to Charge 3+
VERY Faulty Battery, Good Sound Quality
Even better than expected!
An Awesome, Affordable Speaker For Music Lovers!
sounds great in doors or outside
This really delivered!
Great quality, No wall charger. One Style flaw
Powerful, portable, good sound quality
Good but not fantastic
I use it daily at home with my smart phone? and on long trips in the car
Just beautiful! Sound is EXCELLENT
Wonderful
Love this, definitely water proof!
Great sound, well made
Don't have to sacrifice sound quality for volume
Boom for the room
Battery lasts 3.5 hours at full volume.
Yes. Buy them.
Great Little Speaker!
Very nice sound and bass
Sin Cargador.
Sounds great really surprised, one small issue.
Excellent you will be happy.
good sound good price
The battery only lasts 3 to 4 hours at max volume
I have a Bose portable speaker and he always says his is better. (For the record
Super happy with it - Sounds as good as the ...
Constantly drops phone connected with aux cord
Super Great!
Satisfied
Blown away!
Excellent product.
GET THE PROTECTION PLAN
Received a Brick - AMAZON fixed the problem for me - LOVE JBL Flip 4
Great (loud) speaker for the price!
Great sound for a great price
Amazing speaker for its price and size
Needed a bluethooth speaker by the pool!
Good sound in a small package with decent battery life.
Best output considering the price!
Sound was dropping, No package protection at all
Nice speaker
Sounds great. Not for super loud but the best sounding Bluetooth speaker for the price!
Great sound for the price
Once the volume is raise, sounds flat
Husband really happy with it!
Great sound and portability
Small with a Punch
The perfect small bluetooth speaker; Basshead approved!
Great Speaker
Please increase the life of the battery
Cuts out dialogue in movies when things get quiet.
Better Than Advertised
I'm Impressed!
Great for teenagers!!
Bangin Sound, Cool look, High Quality
Decent sound, bass is lacking
JBL is legit
I would give three thumbs up if I had another one.
just wow
Small Speaker with Loud Sound and Impressive Bass
This is a great little speaker
I like this so much more than the Logitech UE Boombox ...
not as High definition as advertised.
Great Lil Speaker
Great  / Rugged Speaker for the summer outdoors (or anywhere)
Best BT Speaker Ever
Terrific
This speaker is amazing!!
Good sounding speaker
Sounds good & stands up to abuse. For real.
... speaker and i couldn't decide which brand was the best for me
Definitely one of my favorite purchases. This is the second one I bought ...
Nice speaker. Mids and highs are nice and clear ...
it won't last
Full powered speaker in the palm of your hand!
Get it!
DONT GET SILVER- AWESOME SPEAKER THOUGH!
Defective Product - Poor Customer Service
Excellent audio quality for the size and price
This device was easy to learn how to use
Small, cute, & loud af
Awesome little speaker!
and I've been very happy with it
Portable, Easy to Use...I'm a Fan
Excellent Bluetooth Speaker
Does Not Work With Video
love/hate
Great speaker! Unfortunately didn?t hold up.
Love this speaker!!  Awesome sound and versatility!!
China called and they want their defective products back
GREAT BUY!!
Great sound for the price.
7 months in, battery won't hold a charge.
We can both hear the podcast out on the back deck
This speaker is amazing!
Best Speaker I've Ever Had
Does not connect to older JBL COnnect Devices
I already return the vr headset and the jbl speaker ...in the same box that is how it was ship to me
The best product out there for the money
This is great
Awesome speaker with fantastic sound!
Beat my Bose link
Tough, Waterproof, Compact, Sounds Good, Perfect in the golf cart.
Short battery life. No good for beach trips!
Worked for 5 minutes
Produces good sound through the speaker.
Would buy again to link more though
It's a JBL....
solid speaker choice!
Love this thing, the sound is amazing.
More than expected
AWESOME!!!
Perfect little speaker!
Packs a Punch
This speaker is awesome! Best speaker purchase I've made
... as a gift for my significant other as we love music and to be on the go
Great Buy!
Lovely speaker!
Great Sound From Such a Small Speaker!
The sound quality is really good for its size
Defect Product
Better than I ever expected
Broken charger port, but otherwise an amazing speaker
Better than expected
Great sound delivery but irritating system sounds
Great Sound Quality
Impressed by the sound of this thing
Excellent speakers
Really good for light jazz music and vocals
Crackles, and Skips plus its Difficult to pair with other FLIP4
box was in perfect condition. Still testing out the sound quality but ...
Can not get her to turn it down
JBL is a great product, i might have just got a bad one.  Anyone else have this problem?
this speaker is awesome and loud
When will they add an AM/FM radio and clock so we have a clock radio.
Great little speaker...definitely worth buying
Faulty speaker
Loved it, hopefully you will as well!
Very loud, you can actually feel the bass. ...
I love the speaker it?s LOUD but it says 12 hours ...
Cool
Sounds like Bose Stereo System!
Add as many as you want to your cluster. (Up to 100)
Bassy
Great sound & great range!
Perfect for teaching an outdoor workout class
AWESOME. MUST
I like it...
Very Very Nice
Over All Satisfied
Quality you can see and hear
Best speaker
I traveled with one of these for 4 months in Asia and it is AMAZING. Get a cover case
Stopped working
Great sound from a small speaker!
AWESOME!!!
DO NOT BUY!!
Sleek and simple design. Recharges quickly, long run-time on a charge. Excellent sound quality.
Love!
Very nice speaker
Buy from an authorized retailer for warranty
Best purchase I?ve ever made
Amazing speaker!
Amazing sound
Sweet speakers!
Works as advertised, delivered on time. Surprisingly deep ...
Amazing speaker
Love it
Five Stars
Powerful speaker in a little package.
The sound for music is a nice, crisp quality and it plays at volumes to ...
Sound quality muddy.
Great sound quality but horrible longevity barely works after a couple weeks of use
Good for the size
Absolutely Fantastic!!!
Wonderful
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Great sounding Speaker.
This little speaker is impressive
Decent speaker
awesome speaker
Died in under a year.
Very good speaker
I know the charging cord is fine because I bought my daughter the same speaker for ...
Horrible battery. Hardly an hour on top volume.
Don't buy it, it comes with a "feature" (design flaw)
Battery life not great at full power
Better than Google Home Mini in Sound
An Essential for the Music Lover in Life
I absolutely enjoy this speaker
JBL 3vsJBL4
Great sound for a small speaker
JBL rocks!
Good, but annoying sound when turned on/off
This is a good speaker. Used it on the lake
wouldnt buy again
Great all around speaker.
JBL replaced my Flip 4 under warranty
Great speaker!
Recommend!
Love this speaker so far
Great sound in a small package.
So great I bought a second one in black!!!!
Excellent sound for such a small speaker
GREAT
Great value, excellent sound, easy set up.
This speaker is amazing!!!
Nice little speaker with nice sound for its size
Good speaker
GREAT SPEAKER!
Worth a purchase!
Shows full charge, shuts off anyhow.
LOVE THIS SPEAKER
Incredible Sound
Sound
Great little speaker
Love it!
Incredible sound for it's size -- nice bass, treble is appealing (not screechy at all)
Small size and great sound!
Battery is terrible
Wonderful Sound Quality and Great Looking Small Speaker!  (Very Short a battery life, though!)
Great product all around!!
Awesome little speaker
Great speaker
Makes a teenager smile
I need one for each room:-)
Not worth the money. Only lasted a few years.
LOVE THIS SPEAKER
Impressed
Puts out great sound, I typically have to tel him to ...
BYE BYE JBL!
Great portable sound and functionality!
Second purchase because it?s so good
Don't waste your money
The sound is great, the battery is no good
JBL FLIP 4 BLUETOOTH SPEAKER
Best thing ever
Excellent for the price.
Rich Sound In a Small Device
Easily connects to my iPhone 6s Plus and it is ...
I love this speaker
This tiny speaker is LOUD!
BETTER THAN THE BEATS PILL
Love it! At some Wal-Mart stores they have these ...
Great portable speaker
A really great sounding product
I have two charge 3 speakers and 1 flip 3 and 1 flip 4
Great Sound
The Pound for Pound Champion!!
Rock out
Awesome speaker.
Love
Best lifestyle proof speaker for the money
I was hoping the sound quality was better but you do get what you pay for
JBL is the best
Great purchase!
Sound quality is great for its size!
Awesome size and sound
Best speaker on the market
Great for hanging out with friends
Very wise purchase !
Great sound, shabby battery life. Prefer ultimate ears boom products better quality products.
Waterproof is a plus for use on the boat
Phenomenal Bluetooth speaker.
JBL FLIP 4 LEADS THE PACK
Not only does this speaker sound MUCH better than any other bluetooth speaker I've used before
Get it - it's worth it !
Smaller but still great!
Five Stars
Honest review of the speaker
Sounds awesome!
Love this Flip 4
Bassy but distorts
Great speaker!
Sounds good, looks good, will last but the battery is weak
Great speaker - My new life companion
Every once in a while theres just a LEMON
Best portable speaker I've had
Liked it so much that we immediately bought another to link up
Pairing 2 of them is awesome. I can't imagine how much better it would ...
Sound is really amazing for such size of speaker
best for a few reasons
Good quality
Great sound ?
If you have problems..they will resolve them nicely. Recommend.
Great sound for its size hampered by abysmal battery life ...
Battery life (maybe I got a defect)
Great Sound, Easy to use
Sounds great, much better than beats pill
Great sound from a little speaker!
Terrific quality, sound is amazing, convenient
Amazing desing and quality, but one flaw.
I love this speaker
Nice On The Go Speaker
... hesitant about buying a speaker as I have had poor experiences in the past
Not an Authirized reseller
No regerts
Great sound, super light
Definitely One of the Best Purchases Ever
Starts to pop and stops holding charge
Defective
Do not use by water!
NO SOUND 2 months later connects Bluetooth has power
Love It!
Excellent sound and build quality.
AT this size - you can't beat it
Love this speaker!
Mailman loves this.
Good speaker for its size
True to the picture
Small and light weight makes it easy to carry
Good speaker for the money
Impressive speaker
Amazing Sound. Great Price
Great lil speaker
Pretty bad for the price. Expected way better
Fits nicely in bottle holder on my bike for great music ...
Awesome speaker
Best sound for the portable speaker!
Great sound quality, compact
I love it! I've been doing some "back to school" ...
Sounds great, wonderful bass response, long battery life at medium volume
Good speaker for the price
Awesome sound
So good I bought another.
Heads up!
Love It
Great sound quality and very convenient
Sweet!
I LOVE MY JBL!!
Waterproof!!! Gotta love it
The JBL Flip 4 far exceeds my expectations!
Love it!
Best speaker I've ever owned
buttons don't work
Less Confident In Amazon Lately
Great everyday speakers
Suprising sound
Rivals larger speakers
Wow
Great sound for the price
won't charge
This is a great little speaker
GREAT Little speaker
Great for portable sound
works well
Super good quality!
It holds a charge nicely. Using it at the pool and on my ...
It?s a great little speaker for the money.
Stopped working after a year :(
Charging portal stops working
This speaker is not made to last
Winner
great product !!
Bluetooth sucks
Battery
I would like more return time
Great speaker! Nice bass for the size and price
Waterproof!
This is worth the money if you need a portable easy to carry around speaker!
Awesome Speaker
happy with the speaker
... gift for my coworker and she is totally in love with this product
I like the upgrades over the flip3 as far as sound ...
Five Stars Great Product.
Great sound wherever you take it.
"Sound" investment!
Excellent! Best gift received!
Sound quality isn?t that great.
Get it
Impressive sound.
Love the speaker for what it is.
Best for price and quality
High sound quality for small speaker
good sounding speakers that don't last my whole day at work
<3
Worth it
Love it!
Loud and good charge
Five Stars
Great sound!
just after the amazon support window closes, this product ...
You won?t be disappointed
Awesome while it lasted
Nice portable speaker but terrible battery!!
plus good bass in my opinion
Bad buy
This speaker was better than i thought it would be
Great quality speaker
Great sounding speaker, easily connected to a 2nd speaker
Good bang for the buck
This speaker sounds great and has been quite reliable
Didnt hold up over time in a ruff environment
Problem after problem
Long battery charge
Good sound quality
Great sound. Pairs with other FLip4s w/ Connect+
Good quality sound
Worth every cent!!
so much bass!
Sounds Amazing!
This thing bumps!
Got what I paid for in a good way.
Great sound and flexibility
This thing is bulletproof.
Great with high bass music
Didn't last
Small and Loud!
Love it, my music follows me everywhere
Pretty Decent
One of the Best Techie Gadgets I ever bought!
excelent flat sound.
Great sound, size and overall awesome speaker!
Awesome speaker.
JBL Connect using 2 or more JBL Connect enabled speakers.
JBL Flip4
One of the best purchases I've made.
Great Waterproof speaker!
Very disappointed
Over priced look elsewhere
DON?T BUY USED
Great sound and bass!!!
Versatile BT speaker
great sound. I also bought the leather cover for ...
Great product
Love to travel with!
Sounds great!!!!
Daughter loves the speaker
Quality
Best Bluetooth speaker we?ve had
Worth the money
Compact size, luxury sound.
My son loved the speaker
Awesome guy gift!
Great for Classroom Use
The sound of great and battery life is excellent
Nice Waterproof To-Go Tunes!
AWESOME SPEAKER!!!
Sound quality & loudness: 10/10. Battery life: 7 hours on 75% volume.
Great mini Bluetooth speaker
Good sound
then it's a great product, but if you're buying 2 in order ...
Great Sound!
Great speaker, but why the annoying sound effects?
Great Speaker
Better Choices For Classic Rock
Great overall.
Nice speaker. Plenty loud enough for $70.00
great price and sound quality
My Neighbor hates me
Only lasted two days
Awesome little speaker!
Awesome Speaker - The Sound is Great
Excellent SOUND!!
Great sound
Great speaker system
Waterproof but not super loud or long-lasting battery
My favorite thing to use
Great product. Quality of Sound Vs
Mighty Mite
Clear, deep, beautiful sound!
Perfect mobile speaker.
Great speaker for ranchers
great gift and price
Big sound in a compact system.
Worth it!
would buy another for another
Great buy
Big sound for a little speaker
Worked great for a bout a month
Love it!!!!
And I also like to listen to podcasts on it in the shower
Exceptional sound!
Good bluetooth speakers
Love the speaker
Great sound from a compact speaker
Amazing Bluetooth Speaker!
BIG SOUND
This speaker sounds Amazing! Its about as good as my Samsung sound ...
A review from a true audiofile
The Flip 2 is just as loud,
Nice!
Love these
Great little speaker
Camo color is awesome
Loud but not clear
Great set of wireless speakers.
Not satisfied !
I love this wireless speaker
Really good sound for the size and price
Great product at great price.
Easy ordering
It goes boom boom real well
Great sound!
Perfect GIft
Can I get a replacement?
Great for about a year, then useless.
Love love love
Bad packaging
Quality speaker with minor setbacks
One Star
works
Great sound for a small speaker
Jealous mama wants a JBL FLIP TOO!
Small flaw
Look at something else.
Must buy
The bet.
Nice product, crappy manual
Useless after a year
Love the sound
Best Waterproof Speaker!
good speakers for first time
Best Speaker!
?
Great Sound Quality
Speak to me
Lemon?
Top Notch product you will not be disappointed
Had this speaker a little over a year and  it is dying
with sound quality better than the Extreme version
I bought one last year and since then have purchased two more for family members who heard the awesome sound it puts out
Didn?t get charger
Nice sound quality, sturdy built... just one thing...
I like it so far
JBL's "Party Mode" does not work properly!
Excellent sound & value
The battery lasts a year
Nice speaker
The sound quality is great and it truly is completely waterproof (I left it ...
far I love this. sound is good
Great little speaker to have
Great clear sound
Best small portable bluetooth speaker for 2018 hands down
Sounds AMAZING!
I like the size
Fantastic Speaker
Less expensive and great design!
Good sound, very, durable, long battery life!
Awesome Speaker
Disappointed wont turn on or charge!
Big Sound in A Small Speaker
jbl speaker sound way better then the beats speaker
This small speaker puts out some real good quality sound
Nice upgrade over the clip
Good sound
Best Speaker
Great sound, small size, and easy to use!
Very happy
My dad loves this!
Good Sound. Convenient Size.
Great speaker but product dimensions are incorrect
How does all that loud and amazing sound come out of this mini me of a ...
Five Star item!!
Great by themselves crap when you try to connect them ...
ALMOST perfect
Bothering loud sound when you turn it on!
Not too big, but does have big sound
Happy with this
PRACTIQUISIMO
works great. make sure to buy the case
Great Sound, survived a kayakong float.
every i know owns this speaker, super fun to link them together
Quality Portable Speaker
This speaker sounds good and is plenty loud for me
Speaker blew fairly easily
SUPER Totes!! LOL
Amazing
Pay extra and buy better quality speakers
Full range of sound
Worst battery
Worthy .
Must have for mobile beats!
Love It!
Calidad precio creo que est? sobrevalorado ay mejores opciones
Great Sound and Product Quality
Better than Bose, really :)
Poor charge
Great sound, terrible battery life
Sound quality is alright
Stopped charging
Thumbs up
It's even washing machine safe
Great Product
Excellent Device
Worth it.
Love it!!!
Amazing quality speaker
Great Sound
Washer Friendly!
Little machine with loud sounds
Thank you, James B. Lansing (JBL)
Great sound!
Great speaker!
Don't buy the wrong speaker
She brings this in the bathroom when showering is it is holding up great. She also uses it in her bedroom
Better than Bose
Great product great price!
Good to hear voices in movies or YouTube videos.
Nice speaker great quality
Best speaker
Great addition to the little Echo speaker. Rich, room filling sound.
Versatile quality and durability with Sound that blows you away
Speaker ended up blowing
Love it, but unfortunately I was disappointed after receiving the second speaker.
Does not work ??
Perfect speaker for work or play
Not extremely loud but good
Great buy
Love this speaker!
Very pleased with speaker.
This little speaker is amazing! I set it out by the pool and ...
Sound quality that hits above the price level
Very happy with this
Small size Huge sound!!
if you?re looking for a speaker, this is the one
Great speaker!
As good as they say
Did not last long.
It works great on android
Top Quality
A bigger improvement over Flip 3
JBL Flip 4
Great little portable speaker.
a man doesn't need a better speaker for the price
Great sound. Waterproof.
Small but powerful.
JBL Flip 4 NOT holding charge after 7mos
Big, rich sound
Excellent speaker, love it.
Great sound, easy Bluetooth connection, long battery life
Battery life and easy to use
One Star
Awesome!
Okay
STOPS WORKING - DEFECTIVE BATTERY!
amazing surprise
This is a fantastic speaker!
Portable,  lightweight and GREAT sound!
Great sound for the money
Speaker is designed to cut out when Aux-in is soft--making it unusable for me.
Stopped charging after 5 weeks
This is my first blue tooth speaker and I love it. I did a ton of product reviews ...
Not delighted
Great little speaker!
Linking speakers at a great price
Awesome sound
Best sound from something so small
Excellent sound quality
Good buy
Very good sound
Great product, first bluetooth speaker
Awesome sound
it?s nice and small and compact
Love it
Buyer beware after 45 days...
Five Stars
Love this Speaker
JBL has great sound!
Garbage Chinese battery.
No High or Mid-Range
Five Stars
Music cuts off intermittently
So far so good! These are durable
Great battery
JBL Flip
you have to manually connect it to bluetooth every single time you want to use it.
Best speaker out there
Pool is rocking underwater
Sounds Very Good
Excellent sound quality
Great speaker
not disappointed. Battery
LOVE IT SO MUCH
?
Great product, great bass for its size and fun to have around
Signal is super weak phone has to be almost touching speaker
Wow!
All about that bass
Just Buy the Flip.
Good Quality
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!
ADD TO CART W/CONFIDENCE
Great rich sound
Didn?t work but was replaced immediately
Great Bluetooth speaker
Love this speaker!
Worked great for two weeks
Great spund great quality
A great purchase
Five Stars
Ultra High Quality but little bass response
Compact with good sound
Awesome
Excellent! Bought a new one
Wow- a solid 5 star product
Great sound quality!
JBL Flip 4
Okay
Wish the charging port worked
Amazing Bluetooth speaker for a reasonable price!
Awesome gift
Amazing, vibe all night
Great sound, no distortion
I LOVE IT!!!!
Please don?t buy
Love this speaker
I got this to take to work to play music ...
My grandson loves it
Great sound, battery lasts long!
I like it better than Bose and Oontz of similar sizes
I'm not entirely satisfied with the speaker
... Amazon Tap and I think this speaker is much better! Sounds amazing and charge lasts for so long
Love this speaker
JBL FLIP 4
Super Sound in a small footprint speaker
Best $100 speaker on the market right now
Gift for son, he loves it.
Amazing little speaker with big sound
Great sound for great price
Beautiful quality sound.
Incredible sound-No surprise it?s JBL
Great buy. No regrets.
Durable and long-lasting battery life
Best Sound for the Buck
Nice sound from a small speaker
Flippin? love this speaker
Rocks!
Good speaker
Great sound quality!
Great sound for the price and size.
Charging connection port went bad...almost lasted a year.
Wonderful sound in a compact design.
JBL FLIP 4  1 star
It's a hit
Happy child happy mom
LOVE IT!
Very good.
Great for the price
Great sounding small speaker
Fantastic
Completely stopped working
Good sound - I love it.
Great Sound!
Battery life not so good... returning.
Excellent
Speaker broke
Great bluetooth speaker
Great quality sound
Excellent Speaker
Did not work out of the box
nice great sound
This Is A Great Sounding Speaker
Love it!
Good speaker with many problems
Great sound. Horrible battery life.
What a great little speaker!
Love this speaker
6-Star Product: Premium quality, yet affordable.
Little but mighty!
Love my Flip4
JBL Love
Durable, waterproof, good quality speaker.
Can?t beat this quality for this price
I previously had the Altec Mini Lifejacket and liked it just fine
Awsome speaker!!
Love this speaker!
These things are mind blowing... I was going to buy BOSE but glad I stuck with JBL Audio.
Good quality! Perfect!
Incredible sound!
Music is my life
Great sound and material quality for the money
It plays ...
Best sounds
Perfect travel speaker
Great must-buy!
easy setup and connection via Bluetooth
Compact Speaker with great sound
It's one of my favorite Christmas presents this last season
Big bang in a little package.
Another excellent product from JBL
Disappointed
Awesome speaker!
Fantastic
Sturdy, sounds AMAAAAAZING, and battery life is great!
Good Speaker
Buy this speaker..
Good little speaker
Water resistant awesomeness
Impressed!
Best speaker
Nice!!!
GREAT BLUETOOTH SPEAKER & JBL BRAND. SO EXPECT QUALITY & IT?S GREAT
I think mine is faulty
Big sound for small device
This is a great bluetooth speaker
I like it!
love it
Good sound but could use a little more base
Best Speaker for the Best Price
Great little speaker!!
Great product
Inexpensive boat hifi system
Awsome!, happy with the choice
Wrong color
Big sound in a small size
Try it you'll like it
Great Gift
Amazing little speaker!
Great sound!
Just got it and loving it
Battery sucks
Good sound quality
Amazing
Excellent
Super speaker for the price
Husband prefer over the Amazon Echo
My Favorite Speaker
Great sound! Small but powerful
Big Sound in a Small Package
Happy
Amazing speaker!
Love this
A really solid wireless speaker
Quality Sound
Great speaker
Dont purchase this.
Absolutely Love!
Great speaker great price
Good little speaker
High quality
Great little portable speaker
Demasiado Excelente
Decent Sound
Small size Big Sound
Good, Not Great
Great sound!
Compact speaker with amazing sound quality!
Great speaker
like under 10 feet especially if anything is inbetween the ...
Speaker
Perfect
Perfect gift!
So convenient and great sound.
Great
Battery lasts an hour on full volume!
Great!
Hmm problem with charge and pairing plz know this was purchased used so I think it's specific to this unit
Love this speaker
Sound is great and product is great but very disappointed in how ...
Speakers is amazing
Yes!
Great sound, easy to use and good price
Worthy
Sound is great
Great sound/bass. I spent a lot of time comparing ...
Awesome
Excellent purchase
Works great, sounds good
Great product!
Great little speaker
Very pleased with first set of speakers
This speaker is definitely one of the best speakers for a relatively low price
this speaker is awful!
The Best, Hands Down
great buy
... made by JBL so you know the quality is awesome sounds amazing can link multiple together for "surround sound" ...
Amazing sound quality.
So loud for such a small thing.
Nice speaker, but it cannot be paired with a ...
Good quality sound
A super speaker, easy set up!
This is the reason for the 3 star review for me, it's all about the fact that the major feature that attracted me is such a pain
I'm am very happy with the sound very crisp & clean
Grandson Loves it
Visually camouflaged, Audibly Amazing
Not the color I ordered!
It is great!
Great quality sound
love it a friend got one for Christmas I saw ...
Great Sound!
Speaker functions as expected
Quality and good sound.
Best speaker on the market!
My 8th purchase, Nothing Better!!!
Awesome portable speaker!!!
Worth the $$
Amazing!
Best speaker
pretty decent speaker
Packs a punch!
the quality is pretty good but....
Great! I bought two and use it as stereo ...
Great speaker for early office hour music, only down side the loud start-up noise.
Impressive for its Price and Size
Very happy with this small yet powerful speaker
Great Speaker ! ! !
The sound is pretty amazing with the size
Great Sound
I love JBL
Sin compativilidad con versiones anteriores
Only holds a charge for about 3 hours at most.
What a well made speaker !!
Battery Life Expired less than 2 mos of purchase!
Very disappointed in sound quality
Hooks up ? Great Sound
Amazing!!!
It sounds ok, it just didn't have the loudness ...
Speaker is great but after using the charger twice
My 14-year-old son Jack is rocking
Love this!
okay but not loud enough, returned.
The perfect easy to use speaker
Le Best
Exceptional Product
The speaker is worth it, great sound
Great speaker!
You will be pleased can?t promise fully satisfied though.
set It against a wall max effect
we have gifted them to all of our family and they love it just as much as we do
Clean Sound
Durable and good sound
Great Purchase
This speaker is awesome! I love that it's waterproof
Works Great..
Blown away
Problemic Battery Life
You've got to try this speaker.
I love the Flip 4
. Bad battery after 1 year!
Fantastic Sound
I love this speaker
Love it! Highly Recommend
Bluetooth issues
Brandon from Brooklyn ny
Great sound and much improved over previous versions of the ...
Love this small yet mity speaker
BUY THIS SPEAKER
Perfect size!
Yamskie
Great speaker
Amazing sound
Perfect!
Jbl bluetooth speaker
Great
Awesome little speaker, great sound!
Love this speaker great sound
For the most part I really enjoyed the speaker but after almost a month I got ...
Perfect gift
Fantastic
Loud! Great for a dorm!
Excellent product.
Too bad. I wanted to love it.
Awesome
Good speaker
Water proof and great for outdoor use
worth it
Won?t turn on
Solid.
This is a great unit. Battery stays charged for quite a while ...
You better buy it!!
Best overall speaker I?ve ever purchased
good but could be better
It was a great purchase and wish it could be louder but it ...
Great sound!
Perfect for Outdoors
Fantastic
Amazing
This small little speaker has great sound! I spent the summer carrying it in ...
The sound quality of this speaker is amazing and it can get so loud
THE SOUND IS AMAZING YOU WON'T REGRET IT
Very durable and great sound for inside and outdoors
It?s a yes from me but a no to her
Good speaker for small parties
Fits nicely in hand
Good sound but lacking volume for outdoor activities
Works great!
I think they send ?newly refurbished? in place of brand new unit
Sounds Great
Great Sound
The best speaker in the market
Five Stars
Stop working within the first 3hrs of me having it.
Love it!
Great sound quality for a bluetooth speaker
Amazing!!!
Item is defective.
Love this speaker! Sounds great!
Softly disappointed
Great little speaker!
Perfect for Karaoke
Perfect speaker
Best boom for your buck!
May be the best purchase I have ever made on amazon
Excellent Product!
Paired for me they crackle.
Love their ability sync
Surprisingly good.
Sound is amazing
The military canvas cover makes it beautiful and unique
Low life. Broken fast. Quiero un reemplazo
Great speaker for the price!
Sound
Easy pairing, great sound, durable, portable
Amazing sound quality
Sounds awesome
You Can Feel the Base
Better than ever
Great sound for the price.
I love
10-Oct
I would recommend it to anybody
Good purchase
Phenomenal sound quality for the price and size
Sound is excellent....
Make sure item has paid return shipping!!!
Awesome!
Great sound quality but not reliable
Five Stars
BANGING
Great present!
You will not be disappointed!
Good quality and easy to use
sounds great
Ethel Merman never sounded so good
Work as described, Stereo
Do it!
Soportar el volumen
Really nice
Fantastic Sound
So much Great sound out of such a small tube
Loud and Proud
Excellent bluetooth speaker
Good for a room or perhaps patio
Great speaker
Great Sound Quality
Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker
awesome speaker
Excellent sound!
Perfect on our deck and in the winter I plan ...
Clear, crisp sound with better than average bass
Excellent sound!
Great Portable Speaker
The sound is very good for its size
Great sound and durability! Buy this before the crazy expensive portables!
Sound is really good for its size
I highly recommend you get this
We love the sound quality
I would order again!
It?s super good
Great speaker. Bought for my softball team
Gracias Amazon
This thing is impressive
Awesome speaker
This is the one waterproof speaker to buy!
The JBL speaker is a bit expensive but it's worth if u want a good speaker
Second one I have bought for gifts and everyone loves this speaker!
Awesome !
Love love love!
very good balanced sound
Awesome sound out of this little speaker
Product doesn?t come with charger, as it states on the description.
Love it!??
Good product
AMAZING
Looks amazing
Best speaker ever!
Satisfied with purchase
Good product.
Best speaker ever
Durable
Opinion
Meh.
Speaker is great
You won't be disappointed!
Sounds great
Awesome sound
So far so good. Easy to pair and the sound is very ...
Solid speaker
Great sound
the range of volume can be controlled better.
Good buy!
Can hear over hot tub jets
Awesome sounds!!
Great sound.
Very happy
It has great sound. The portability is perfect
Great volume
Great sound and easy to use
Almost perfect, quite happy
Fantastic sound for the money
A great Bluetooth speaker
Bluetooth Speaker now A OK
Love it
JBL Flip 4
I hate the noise that it makes when you first turn ...
all I can say is don't waste your time and money on the much more expensive ...
Packs a punch
Doesn?t last
Great condition
I flipped for two.
Just like NEW!
... my boyfriend as my birthday present and it is amazing.. I use it in the shower and ...
awesome speaker
not as good as flip 2
Camouflage speaker.
Nice speaker
I was so happy to use this but....
Great quality!
Plays Great
Amazing sound!!
This is pretty good for the price
My second JBL Flip, but with two annoying upgrades I can't stand
AWESOME
Get this speaker like rn
Absolutelty in love with our JBL Flip 4
This is a great little speaker with a very big sound
Great Product- Battery lasts forever!
Neat little speaker
Great sound
My son's favorite gift
Great sound
Great sound!
good speaker!
Overall great speaker
Great sound quality.
Recommended
It has good sound quality and can go where ever he wants ...
Doesn't work.
Amazing! Already had the JBL clip but wanted something ...
amazing Sound
Great sound
great sound
Great sound and functionality
love it
Sound from speaker is great !
Amaaaaazing
Big Speaker Sound for Small Size!
Exceeded expectations, makes you look for a hidden sub in the room.
Get it!
Great Quality
Love this speaker
Sounds incredible, AND waterproof!
Very happpy with the sound quality, the size, the volume, the battery life!
Love, love
Had it for years
Really good speaker definitely recommend.
The sound was great. And then it stopped working after 2 months
Good quality
Sold on this speaker. Never buying any other BT speaker
Awesomeness
Awesome and Worth It
Five Stars
Blue Tooth Speaker
Amazing Sound in a Small Package
The sound is definitely clearer than 20-50$ options if that's what you're looking for but I don't know if you'd be happier with other options or not because this is my ...
Pretty great.
It does the job, somewhat
Very good battery which lasts like promised
Good Deal
This little speaker is great! My daughter loves loves loves it and takes it everywhere!
I love the concept and it worked great until it was ...
Faulty product
outstanding product
Nothing bad to say.
Works great
High Quality Product
such a good speaker with good bass and it super durable
Excellent Speaker
Very durable only OK sound
FANTASTIC
Packs some serious sound
Amazing
Very waterproof and sounds great
Great sound. Fills the room with great quality
Four Stars
Sounds amazing for the price!
Highly recommend
Outstanding sound quality and bang for your buck
Summary Product
You need this!
Surprisingly good
Very good sound
A home run!!!!
AWESOME SPEAKER!!
Five Stars
Terrific Speaker
Nice speaker
Cute little speaker
Great sound, Decent Battery life
Great sound for such a portable speaker!
I love that JBL made the Flip waterproof with this newest ...
Good just needs more bass
Cool speaker
Excellent product! But doesn?t link to other JBL speakers
I like how loud it is
Meh.
... quality and build quality for the price is really good. i love the buttons that are slightly oversized ...
This thing is awesome. Sound is amazing and it is beyond durable
Incredible little speaker
Good value
Christmas gift for my Husband.....he LOVES it!
Great Sound
Two is better than one
They have great sounds and can be synced
Walking music box
Jbl
Great Bluetooth speaker
Would buy again.
This speaker is great. I needed a 2 speaker setup for work ...
Love It
Excellent product
Hook septic Bluetooth very easy weather TV or your phone
Quality product
The sound is pretty good, but the charge didn't last as long ...
Great speaker
little beast
Buying another to link to ...
JBL'S BEST
Good speaker
Review
Love it
Kids love it
Great sound and battery life!
JBL got this one right!
Good portable/water proof speaker
Great for pool, beach, shower
Great product! Great sound!
sound isnt as good as the jbl flip 3
JBL Flip and many others defective DO NOT BUY
Good speaker
Great product. I haven?t dropped it in water yet ...
but it plays nicely while hiking
Great Speaker!
Great work or around the house speaker
Great quality from JBL
Good quality good sound
Kid loves it!
Good highs. Deep lows
Great little speaker for the price
Easy to set-up
Worth Every Penny
great
USMC loves it!
Perfect size great sound lots of fun
Battery is worst!!
Battery dies quickly
These are as good as Bose speakers
Sound and Prize
Perfect for cycling
Good for me
Five Stars
Great!!
Five Stars
Perfect
JBL Speaker
Purchased this as a gift and it did not disappoint. My fianc? and our daughter have dance parties ...
As usual great product and sound with JBL
Great sound!
Decent
One Star
Great, full sound.
Awesome speaker
The charging cord and speaker connection port are not robust
Five Stars
Garbage. BUYER BEWARE
Broke on me
Great sound!!
Five Stars
Excellent sound quality!
Awesome value for the price.
Sound is loud and lasts me about 8 hours or ...
Not worth it
Clear sound quality
Amazing sound actually quite loud and easy to carry around
Great speaker for the price
Very happy
Keeps turning off after 15 minutes of play time
Great little speaker
Great speaker?Highly recommend
Great sound
Sound quality.
Five Stars
Five Stars
this speaker is awesome..
I like it, very nice speaker
Blue Tooth speaker
Really happy with the purchase
Awesome little speaker
Battery terrible!
Awesome Bluetooth Speaker!
Stopped working within a few months
Does not come with a charger so no five stars
Awesome
Great sound, and portable
great sound
Turns off after 30 minutes
It works!
Loved it !
PERFECT
Nice sound
.
Watch for fakes this one is not but they are less heavy and shorter
Great sound.
So far it has been awesome I even connected it to my television when watching ...
5 stars
Tough and good quality
Sound is amazing~!
The best !
Love this speaker!
Good speaker
Value
the best
portable sound
Amazing!
Great
Initial thoughts are great!
Camo JBL
Perfect gift for my teenager who enjoys music
Great sound.
El mejor
Great product
Love it!
Good product for the price
Great product
Not great. Doesn't start even after getting charged
Best Speaker For Under $100
Garbage!  Doesn't work brand new!
Love it
Good
I want my money back
AMAZING SPEAKER
Great sound
Almost made music 1yr. Not working
Sound is Terrible
I love using this at the beach
Awesome
Good for pop, lacks for jazz.
Sounds really good. Battery life is very good
Great product
One of my best purchase
Great speaker needs directions
Great sound quality small package
Great sound quality
The best speaker in my opinion
Grandson's choice
JBL Quality product great sound
Bluetooth speaker
Very good
Five Stars
Great!
Amazing sound
WOW
Little Sister Loved It
Awesome ?? Shopper!
disappointed .
Love it
Little but packs a big sound!
So happy with this little BT speaker
Good little speaker
Perfect, thanks
good deal on this
No warranty
great sound
Impossibly loud
Love the speaker!!
Love it!
for my brother's birthday
Boom
EXCELLENT jbl product
A
Love it
Love it!
Great product
Good price and product
Don't bother
Buy!  I heard it was loud! LOL
Unsatisfactory Choppy music!
This thing rocks!
Great buy
The best
Good Quality Sound
Battery degradation is rough
Not at all what I expected.
Wonderful sound quality
Works great
I love it.
Great for the price
Great speaker for the size and price
Perfect for home Bluetooth speaker!
Great for the price
Great sound
A $80 speaker that has the sound quality of a $200 speaker
Great thanks
Amazing!! The sound is uncanny crystal clear
The battery only lasted about 3 1/2 hours just like the JBL flip 3
Great
Geat Speaker! Poor battery life!
Loud
Good
Excellent
Looks great
Love it
and this speaker does not disappoint. Good sound quality and reasonable volume output for ...
No plug??? Really? Unit came with ...
Sounds great
Battery life
Great wireless speaker
Great product
Very good sound and super portable
Love this speaker!!!!
great quality speaker
Amazing sound!
Great
Great Value
Perfect
Good experience
This thing is awesome.
As expected
Its good, i like it
Speaker
Faulty Product with no help
Very nice !
Buy it.
Great speaker for the price.
Just fantastic
Really good speaker
Very disappointed
Looks awesome
Exellent
nice sound
Excelente
?
???
Buy it!
Stopped working 1yr
Sounds clear & great with great bass
My Daughter loves it
Five Stars
Can't beat it this thing is awesome
Great sound
This is a very nice and well made speaker
Five Stars
Great Sound
Not just water resistant; waterproof!
Buy it!!!
This little thing rocks!
Good, as always
Product as expected
Does the job.
Unreal BIG sound out of a small speaker!! Love it!
Five Stars
Do not purchase from Better Deals Inc.
Get the insurance plan
Great!
Five Stars
Very good speaker. I use it in a very noisy ...
Great sound!
Great sound!
Good
Great Quality
Great Product
Price
Sound
Excellent
Great sound in a small package.
Pairing with other JBL "connect" speakers is the best feature.
Best Compact Speaker out there!
Great speaker have a number of different speakers and this ...
Awesome sound
Awesome
great for pool parties
Said; it?s Amazing!!
Love them
... an Amazon review before-- that is how much I love this speaker
A hit
Quality
Perfect for any occasion.
Bought this for a Christmas present and it is AMAZING!!
Great, clear sound
You could take it anywhere
Love this powerhouse!
good
Love it.  Big sound
Loved my speaker
Durable. Clear and rich sounds.
the best
I absolutely love it...
Garbage
Low sound
Best at this price range
Great sound, portable
Great sound for the size
You need one. Or maybe 2.
Like most of these portable speakers
Damn good speaker
Great sound and easy to connect
Great speaker
Amazing sound!
..
Great product
Gracias
Awesome!!!!!
Five Stars
I?m impressed with the sound!
Good
Love my speaker!
Choose differently
Excellent all around speaker. The best I?ve owned!
Great Speaker
Recommend
Three Stars
Boom
Worth it
Five Stars
easy to use
Great
Perfect amount of sound for an apartment
Missing Charger
Great Buy
Amazing speaker!
One Star
Solid but not real loud
Died In 1 Year
Excelente
Three Stars
Great
good product
Great speaker
sound
Great Purchase
Will get more soon
... a little over a month ago and it worked great. The sound was spectacular and the battery lasted ...
Very happy
Great Quality and No issues
Just as described
Great little speaker with big sound
Lasted only less than 3 months.
JBL Flip 4 Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker is outstanding
Great
I like it
Sounds quality is great!
Upgrade
Wowser!!
Five Stars
Awesome product
4 Stars For Price, Sound Quality, Range & Size
I did not expect great sound but after a quick set up I connected ...
Great Sound!
Good
Won't find a better one at this price
Great sound and easy connectivity to 99 other speakers
Five Stars
JBL....worth the money
Terrific.
Perfect
Great Sound!
Awesome little speaker.
Four Stars
great sound and size
Definitely recommend!
Awesome quality sound!  Will get really loud too
Five Stars
Great Speaker
THE perfect combination!
Very good sound quality
Love the quality and sound
Sound is good. I was hoping for better bass
Great speaker great price!
Great
After trying a $25 one I got this one
Amazing speamer!
Don't be fooled by it's size.  it is powerful
Great speaker
great sound, great battery life
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
exactly what I expected
Five Stars
The sound and volume on this small speaker is great! Also love that it is waterproof so we ...
La amo!!!
The best speaker
Five Stars
pros and cons
Good For Price
So glad I bought this speaker!
excellent
Great product
Great in any part of the home too
AWESOME
Best Sound quality for the price
Great loud sound!!
Great sound. Couldn?t believe what come out of this ...
Buen sonido
Great in my livingroom or by the
Sounds great
Five Stars
Best portable speaker out there hands down!
Awesome!!!
JBL still awesome
Bood sound for price!
Very happy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very light and has deep bass even in low volume.
One Star
Nice speaker and durable
I will never buy a brand new JBL speaker from ...
Great sound
Stopped holding a charge after 4 months of use...sad!
Quality
Perfect
LOVE IT!!
Great sound right price
Great speaker
Excellent Product
Five Stars
Great
Pleasantly surprised
Average speakers in this class. Never match a real system that is wired
Love it. Considered the larger JBL but when I ...
Nice speaker. I recommend it
Can't life without it!
Speaker
Wonderful producer
Terrible battery (lasts 30mins)
SO GOOD (AND WATERPROOF)
Update: replacement sent
Great sound quality
great deal
The product works as advertised
works great
Five Stars
fire
JBL Flip 4 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth speaker
Love it!
Ahmazzing!!
Great product!
Ended up returning this item
NOT LONG LASTING
Good
perfect for my hobby Kayaking
Excellent sound
do yourself a favour and get one
Love this speaker.
Works great.
We are so happy with this portable speaker
The price is WORTH it !!!
Great product!
Works great
No easy pairing
Lots of quality sound from this speaker
Great sound
This speaker is awesome recommend buying it if you just want something small ...
Great product
Great one to get.
Handy piece of tech and sounds amazing!!!
Great sound, size and battery life
Great bluetooth speaker!
This speaker is awesome. It?s loud and the battery last all day ...
Great
Sound Sound Sound !
This is one of the most used items i have ...
Excellent
Great Sound
Sound quality is excellent off of my tablet and cellphone.
Worth every penny!
Parlante JBL Flip 4
Good
Five Stars
I got it at a good price during Thanksgiving
Excellent sound
excellent sound, excellent battery life
Amazing
Five Stars
Excellent speaker, great low end and bass sound.
Sounds great!
The seller was great, product arrived precisely on time and in a ...
Little speaker BIG sound!
Not bad
Good sounds
Five Stars
Better than Beats Pill
... charge for a long time and sound quality is great.
Not the loudest
Five Stars
Speaker
Off details about the package I received
Sound Quality
Go get it now!
Five Stars
Loud and the bass is good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great speaker!
Goood
Great bluetooth speaker.
Good little speaker
Great Speaker!
LOVE MY JBL FLIP 4!
Great sound!
I really really like this. It is so much better than I ...
Great product!
This speaker is awesome. Got it for use in a water aerobics ...
Love it
The sound is outstanding and it works like a charm
Great sound!
Great sound for a little speaker
Great sound and waterproof for boating a plus!
Sound Quality is crazy good!
Best portable speaker
Blue Bluetooth speaker
Great speaker
Big sound from a small package
Awesome product! I received it and it was in ...
Fantastic speakers
Good product
Five Stars
Battery won?t charge.
Great Speaker.
Sweet sound for a great price.
Awesome speakers
Great quality sound and pretty compact
Good Product
I really like the color
Excellent sound quality. Long lasting battery life.
Battery failure
Great value
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unbelievable sound
As expected from JBL
Just stopped working. Only a couple months old and ...
Awesome!!
Great poolside and just as high quality in the office
.
Four Stars
I like it
Very happy with this purchase!
My teenage son loves it!
Buy it...you won't regret it!
Good speaker.
Great sound and water resistant
none
Powerful speaker
I finally opened my flip4 today and I?m super satisfied with its sound and performance this thing gets ...
Awesome color! Great sound, perfect gift!
It?ll do
Great Sound
JBL flip
Great Sound!
All about that bass
Water proof and wireless. Sounds good.
Sounds a lot better than I have imagined, however...
Awesome Speaker. High Quality.
Great speaker!
Excellent!
Great little speaker
Excelent quality!
The Best sound.
Great sound, great condition
Love it!!
The best speaker out there
Good buy
Love this speaker
Excellent
Five Stars
It's a great product, simple set up
Great
This is a great product--a big step up from my previous speaker
Good sound for compact size
Awesome loud crisp sound
Awesome speaker
Outstanding product
Awesome speaker
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sounding speaker
Perfect
Good
Perfect little speaker
Worth the money
Amazing Speaker
Great
great sound, but bad battery
Great!
Very satisfied
Quality! I appreciate it
Amazing sound quality & battery life
Item marketed new, received used open product instead
The product is great. It is very convenient and has great sound
Maybe ok for home use but not for working in a factory
Best speakers
The BOMB! Great speaker. i tried and returned a couple and this JBL is so clear, looks awesome!
Nice speaker
Love it
Good sound for the money
Five Stars
Good soonds
Great little speaker!!
Recommended
Everything is good.
Five Stars
Excelente
Good gift
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect
Sounds great! Actually waterproof!!!
It's tiny and sounds great!
meh
This is an excellent Speaker
Recomendable
Loved it
Good buy
Everything is fantastic except for the battery life.
We love it! My husband takes it everywhere with him ...
Great speak loud
Has great sound overall
Durability Issues
Loved it
Love this speaker!!
Great deal
Five Stars
YES!!
Perfect for husband.
Five Stars
JBL is the best
Five Stars
Love!
Bad connection - kept cutting in and out of music
Awesome
100% love it
Great buy!
Amazing speaker!
Very good bass. Great value
Good at first but not for the long haul
Happy with purchase
Wonderful product
Five Stars
Excellent for patio and office use.
Five Stars
Awesome little speaker!
Works great
Great sound, it fits very nicely into a bicycle ...
Great Souns
Awesome Mini boom box
Very versatile speaker!
Two Stars
Always love jbl
Thumbs up
Works well
Not compatible with Flip 3
Excellent speaker!
Worth the money.
sound is fantastic
Impressive Bluetooth speaker
Son's Christmas Gift
Sound with a boom!!!
Five Stars
WORK EXCELLENT. Bought as a gift and like it so ...
Can't go wrong buying this unit.
Sounds great!
Looks
Good
Yahoo
JBL flip4?altavoz port?til
Excellent  .....
Great gift
BEST ON THE MARKET
Can I exchange it?
The sound quality is good and it's pretty loud for it's size my only ...
Five Stars
really like it
Very good portable speaker
Great Bass, Great Battery Life
Great sound in small footprint
Will Not Disappoint!
Teen loves this.
Just good for one year!!!
Well worth it
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great sound quality
Deffective
Sounds great.
Don?t expect it to last
Great price!!
Five Stars
Amazing
Battery is only good for 3 months
Four Stars
MATERIAL QUALITY
Good to use with your iPhone
This is my speaker in da shower ---> This is the speaker in front of milk... this is the speaker holding the milk --->
Pretty loud and sounds great
Battery life is bad after the long run
Good speaker, loud on/off
Great Sound
Love it
The brand's name speak for itself
Great Bass Response
It sounds great!
nice little speaker
JBL and camo- perfection
Great bluetooth speaker!
Very Pleased
Easy to connect
clear sounds
Great sound. A bit expensive.
Awesome speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very pleased
Four Stars
Good sound indoors
Great sound!
Great Sound quality
Nice speaker, no USB
Five Stars
Amazing
High Quality
Returning the item
JBL Flip waterproof speaker
Great speaker!
Small Speaker with big sound!
Five Stars
Good sound
Five Stars
Great sound!
Five Stars
Just as expected
Excelente Sonido
Good product!
Great product.
Sound is awesome and powerful.
Would buy again in a heart beat.
very easy to set up and use
Clarity
LOVE IT
quality is good
Love the sound
Perfect ??
Great sound
Perfect!
Solid product surprisingly loud for the size.
Five Stars
Sucky battery life
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for work/beach.
Nothing
Five Stars
The perfect stereo spkear
Great sound  !
I really like this speaker
Functional
Five Stars
Sound quality
Excellent sound quality!~
Awesome sound from such a small speaker
Awesome soeaker
Awesome Quality
Great Speaker
Five Stars
Great Sound
Best Portable Speaker Ever
Five Stars
Very loud
Five Stars
... this speaker for about two months now and I love it. I can hang it from a tree ...
Has really good sound for the size
Gret sound
Good
Wonderful!
Worth every penny.
Really enjoy this speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Strong battery and good quality for the price
It?s a pretty good speaker!
Excellent sound
Plenty of Volume and battery
Five Stars
The Best Portable and Powerful Speaker for Work & Play
Great at first
Good Sound
Big sound in a little package
Really good protuct
Great quality
Three Stars
Great product
Five Stars
? Amazing! ?
Best one yet
love it
Five Stars
So impressed!!
Five Stars
Sound quality is excellent
Great sound and quaility!!
Great sound & potrability! LOVE JBL products!
Awesome Speaker
great portable speaker
Works really well for a small speaker
Great Speaker!
Great Sound for the price.
Very good speaker!
save your money... buy a different brand
buen sonido, tama?o compacto
Long battery life sound quality one charge lasts forever charges quickly
Good sound quality, broke after 3 months of moderate use.
Dead
Quality Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
BIG sound from small speaker!!!
Great sound
Bad quality....poor battery
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Good
LOVE IT
Hello... beautifully great sound
I?d like to first say the seller is great
Worth it.
Good Buy!
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Very dependable
Eg
Excellent product at a great price
Wow! is an understatement. Must have item!
Four Stars
Good Sound
Great sound, excellent price, fantastic find
No Need to Go Bigger
Five Stars
Love it
Perfect gets you all the bitches
Five Stars
Excellent sound and battery life!!
Bluetooth speaker
Played 6 hours straight during Christmas and battery still full
BRILLIANT SPEAKER!!
Very good quality and affordable price
Thumbs up
Buenas bocinas Bluetooth
Five Stars
Five Stars
Dissapointed
It works great!
Amazing Speaker
Not sure how good it was
I Love it !
Great sound!
Increible sonido
Terrible sound quality
Dummyproof!  Easy to use.
Great
Works great!
I love it
Thank you
Broke after a year
Great speaker
great speaker
Battery stopped working
Small but good.
Love it
Great purchase, but occasional malfunction
Great Speaker
Great little speakers
CAUTION, BUYER BEWARE
Great sound out of this little thing
Would not charge!!
Sound is great
Five Stars
Best USB
Sound is clear and good. Paired 2 different sets and i'm loving it
Excelente relaci?n calidad/precio
Love it!
Amazing sound quality for a small speaker
Amazing product
Quality product
Great speaker for get-togethers or beach/lake days!
Great sound at an affordable price
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must!
Small & Powerful
Still can?t believe how good this little speaker sounds every time I turn it ...
??
Five Stars
perfect.
Five Stars
No charge after 4 months...
Best Speaker Ever!!
Five Stars
5 of 5, quality and rugged.
Excellent, the quality is 5 out 5
He is very pleased with it
Great battery life!!!!
Great sound, charge really lasts
Great
Sounds excellent.
Great Speaker Priced Right for the Quality
It kicks but!
Love this speaker
Small size but amazing sound
Love it
This speaker has great sound and bass and is reasonably priced
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sound is fantastic!
Best Bluetooth Speaker Sound
Wort it
Love it!
Awesome speaker!!
What a great sound
You should buy a AUX cord on advance.
Good little speaker loud I had a bose speaker paid ...
Love!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works and sounds great!
Battery life?????
Sounds good!
Five Stars
This is a great product! I love the size and sound
Five Stars
Excelente
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Se da?? en el tercer uso
Four Stars
Perfect
I don't have a headline.
The sound is great the battery life is long lasting
Five Stars
Its a really good speaker
Five Stars
Great Product
Good bang for the buck
Excellent
Sounds great
The sound is great
Charger missing
Fantastic
Good Sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
Rad performance, loses battery life
Totally rocks!!
Five Stars
Great sound/ size
Great speaker, big sound
My 14 year old son loves these speakers!
Stopped holding a charge after < 2 months
Great gift
sounds great, easy to use
Great sound, so compact and portable.
Awesome Sound Quality!
Five Stars
The sound is GOD.........LIKE!!!!
Five Stars
Waterproof
Gift
So far so good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Sound
Sounds good
Great
Nice desk speaker.
It?s overpriced
... any phone any devices and the sound system is great!
I absolutely love these speakers
Affordable good quality
buy it
Awesome!!
Muy buena.
This is a triple A product
Great
Sound is great!
Scammed.
I like it
Five Stars
Nice
Five Stars
A REALLY GREAT SPEAKER!
Disappointing.
Great sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disappointed
Five Stars
Better than most
The best bluetooth speaker!
Had a little problem with this one
Good for a Bluetooth speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best in the market under $80
Sounds great, great battery
Five Stars
For 40 dollars amazing
Worth the money.
battery failure prematurely
Impressive bass for the buck.
Definitely would recommend!
Five Stars
This speaker is awesome. JBL did a great job
Five Stars
The bass is amazing and sounds awesome!!!
Ew
Excelente
What an amazing little speaker
Won't hold a charge.
Great sound for the price
Love that it?s water proof
Great sound for a small device
Best wireless speaker I have owned
Great product
Five Stars
Awesome
Four Stars
Great speaker, good quality price ratio
Buen producto
Five Stars
Love it!
Great sound. Very well made.
Good product.
Great Speaker
The sound quality...  A+
Quality and easy to use
Five Stars
Great product!
Great sound
Great product overall
Producto original y confiable
Love this
Perfect
Great Product.  My "Cool" kid really likes it!  Great sound truly
Great quality for less than 100$
Love it!!
Waterproof, perfect for the pool or river floating!
Love it
Sounds amazing
Great gift
awesome sound out of a small speaker
Awesome
Awesome sound! Strong bass
I am very happy with my purchase
Hurry an buy! It's worth it!
Five Stars
We bought 2 more as gifts for family members.
Nice!
Worth it
Five Stars
Best speaker ever!
Bad battery
Five Stars
Great product!
Five Stars
GREAT SPEAKER
Amazing sound quality!
Worth the money!
Buy more than one!
Great Sound
Five Stars
Works great and can't wait to get more to expand them
Great sound
Small but mighty.
I?m so glad I did
Husband loves it!
Great quality LOUD speaker in a compact waterproof shell
Very good portable speaker
This is an awesome speaker for everyday use
3 hour life on a full charge.
Four Stars
Awesome speaker. I have bought two other speakers and ...
Five Stars
?
This is loud and has great bass for a small speaker
worth it.
good
Super size sound for our kitchen TV
Great sound!
Five Stars
This speaker is the best. It's very warm sounding and has a suprising ...
Sound is great
Five Stars
Five Stars
sound and waterproof features are all excellent. Great purchase
Five Stars
Sounds great and it's very loud
Five Stars
It?s a yes
Awesome!
Never want to get another speaker again!
Waterproof!
Five Stars
Excellent Speaker!!
excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Buy!
Best speaker
Best speaker for the money I've ever bought
Five Stars
Awesome Product
Five Stars
She said it work great and she loves it
Great product!
Five Stars
Junk save your money
Must Get!!
A good small speaker system
it?s portable so it makes it easy to carry
Five Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
Great product, I use it every day.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good speaker
Battery Failure
Five Stars
Totally worth it.
Fast Shipping Great Seller
Awesome waterproof speaker!
Awesome product.
Better sounding than my bose
Great sound and waterproof to boot
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound
They match my house paint and sound GREAT
Works well
Nothing
Five Stars
Great speaker. Sounds fantastic
Better than Bose, by far!!
Five Stars
AWESOME
Awesome bass and clarity!!
Five Stars
Fantastic quality ! Amazing sound ! Great buy !!!
... to test it's waterproof capabilities but the item works fine and was well packaged I even kept the box
great
Perfect
doesnt come with a charger
Best Bluetooth ever bought
Sounds good. for bring so small
Love it
Five Stars
Excellent Bluetooth speaker
Five Stars
Great! Would buy another one!
This was a good buy..
Five Stars
Great quality speaker!
Yes
Five Stars
Five Stars
I received one that was broken and when I charge ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It has great sound and is easy to
Can be used as a speaker phone.
Five Stars
The thing to know about this product is it sounds great. And it works well for entertaining.
Get it now!
One Star
Great sound
Great Quality and Customer Service
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
works great. easy to set up and use
speaker
Amazing sound
Great product.
Mobil Sound Satisfaction
Big sound from a little speaker
Crazy sound from a little box! It's obviously not ...
sounds great amazing bass
Best reasonably priced speaker on the market!
Great sound quality
Durable and Loud Great Bass
So happy!
Excelente
Great
Better than my Bose.
So so...
Great sounding speaker
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very nice sound. Much more bass than I thought a ...
Five Stars
La fiesta empez?
Love the sound and color
great sound
Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
long life battery, high sound quailty
Proble with the battery.
Five Stars
Awesome! Love the sound that comes out of this ...
Five Stars
Flip4 best JBL Bluetooth speaker series ever
I have a moderate to severe hearing loss with my ...
Powerful speaker
works great, love it..
Awesome speaker!
Extremely pleased with this speaker
I love this speaker
Five Stars
Jams
Love this teal speaker
Bl
Bajo calidad
-/ Just like its prior model
Pretty Loud
Best Speaker Ever
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
best jbl speaker
Good product, bad cord
Speaker
Excellent speaker for the cost
The speaker is great and puts out amazing sound
Love it
Cool product
Perfect.
an outstanding speaker with great bass
Five Stars
Anticipating it will be good.
An experience at every level
Bad little speaker ?
Very loud
Awesome!
great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Package arrived with USB Cable not found in box.
Five Stars
Perfect sound in a small speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to find. My daughter lives it
Five Stars
Awesome sound, long lasting charge
Great product but the battery doesn't last long
These are fantastic. very happy
Fantastic sound??
Works great!
Amazing sound quality
Lasted one use and 1 week.
Five Stars
Great sound but with a little hickups...
Five Stars
Stunning sound
Suena bien
Wonderful birthday gift
Battery life isn?t great
Five Stars
its PERFECT!!
Five Stars
office
Great stuff!
Five Stars
Great value. Was pleasantly surprised with rhe sound that ...
Nice
Good speaker
Dead
Love this speaker
So far it's been perfect. The sound quality is amazing
Good speaker for a good price
Five Stars
Better than expected
Small size, great sound
Did not get everything that comes with the product.
Very simple to use and sync to any device
Great sound at a good price.
Four Stars
great Bass && Treble
Stopped working
Awesome sound.
Five Stars
Good GBL
Go ahead and buy it!
Good Product As Advertised
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Cool!
Five Stars
Awesome little speaker!!!
?
Quality
Five Stars
Phenomenal sound!
Nice clear music playbacl
Great sound!
Known defect - Seller not responsive
Five Stars
Amazing quality !
Four Stars
Five Stars
very very nice. but just one thing
Great sound!
Five Stars
Great sound
La bater?a es
JBL flip4
Pretty strong bass but also comes with noise in low ...
Five Stars
What I expected!
... static I hope not please let know but do love the sound
Five Stars
Love Love Love!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome product
Great speaker
Five Stars
Great sound quality!
I really like this speaker especially the camo skin
Really crisp sound and great bass. I would recommend
Don?t understand how it?s supposed to sit while operating.
Awesome Sound !!
Great little speaker
Sound very good
Sounds great...battery...not so good.
Bang for your buck!
Five Stars
No regrets!
Perfect.
Five Stars
Better than expected!
Update the flip 3 too connect+
Great speaker
Five Stars
Good
Sound quality gets scratchy and skips when pairs to second speaker
Bluetooth stopped working after 13 months.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Would recommend
Wonderful.
Look no further!
Fantastic
I recommend buying it
Priced right and durable.
Five Stars
Excelent product
Wonderful
Five Stars
Loving it.
Great sound for the size
Five Stars
Recomendado
Its loud
Five Stars
ok
Love the quality
Pretty good
Great speaker.
Great
... has big sound in a lil package an sounds great too i was thinking it would be a lil ...
muy buen sonido
Best Gift for your Child!!!
I love it
Amazing Bluetooth Speaker with Great Visual Bass Representation
Good while it lasts
Nice
Very good
Think twice if you have an Iphone.
and price is great. Plenty of volume for a typical room
Love it
I need a charger for my speaker
First JBL
Sound quality and keeping it charged
Quality speaker
JBL
it sounds amazing. Very good speaker I'd recommend it
JBJ Flip 4 water proof
Positive recommendation
Sounds amazing!
Lo puede llevar donde quiera
Five Stars
Good quality
JBLs
Great sound
A $50 speaker plus a $30 label
Better than bests
Five Stars
Great sound for an awesome price.
Love it
Loud for a tiny speaker
So far it works great. Would update in few weeks if anything changes
I think that this is excellent speaker. The battery life is decent also
Perfect Sound
Best speaker I habe ever had, portable and great sound quality, easy bluetooth connectivity
Five Stars
Very happy. Great sound!!!
The speaker is good but very it?s very disappointing that it does not ...
Five Stars
Good value for the price
Excelente
Buen?simo
Feels nice
Great sound!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The teal color is amazing
Great bluetooth speaker.
Un Altavoz Excelente
Great speaker
Five Stars
One of the best brands out there!
Great Quality - Great Sound
Mighty Mouse
Best buy ever!
Well made, good sound
Four Stars
He has really enjoyed, has a good sound
Five Stars
Not wowed with Flip vs my old HMDX jam
Great product
It's perfect. The sound isn't distorted
Five Stars
Great sound
??
Great sound and balance.
Five Stars
PERFECT FOR ANY HOME OR ACTIVITY
Great sound, volume, fast and easy ordering and shipping
Keeper
Love it
Buy now
Sound is great and clear
Great!
cool
Very nice speaker! Worth the money and I would recommend ...
Best for the price.
Great speaker
I absolutely love my speaker
great sound easy peazy
Four Stars
Good but defective
Great sound on the go
Five Stars
i?m extremely disappointed in this product and the seller
This little thing sounds a lot better than I was expecting
Great!
10-Oct
Quality
12 hour play time is averaged at a medium volume level.
Love it!
Connection Problems
Speaker is awesome, just had to get another
:).
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound and quality
Good Speaker
Amazing sound!
Excellent value with the Flip 4
Five Stars
All good
Calidad de producto
Even the music experts will like this.
They have different colors
Nice bass , durable great battery life
Five Stars
Just decided to stop working
Great sound quality and design
Works great!
Awesome
Good stuff
JBL SPEAKER
It?s worth the price
The speaker stopped working after 2 1/2 months
Beautiful sound!!
Great product, phenomenal sound quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
The product stopped working after 4 months
Great speaker
Sturdy and great sounding Speaker
Five Stars
Three Stars
JBL es de las mejores marcas en sonido!
great little speaker
Four Stars
Love it, sound it great for it's portable size
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Genuine review - worth buying
Sounds great
Five Stars
The sound is exactly what I hoped it would be.
Five Stars
... 2017 I used it about 10 times it worked great but now it won't stay charged
I simply like it very much
Amazing
Flip4 Limits Sound
there were very happy with it
solid
Five Stars
This speaker is awesome. The sound quality
Very very very great quality sound
The JBL sounds great!
Great Bluetooth for the price
This beats more expensive speakers hands down
Five Stars
This thing gets LOUD
Great product
Nothing
Sound is great. Very easy to transport
Five Stars
THESE BREAK LIKE DRE BEATS!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound
Very Good for Price
There is static noise
Love it!
As described.
Don't hesitate
Best quality speaker I?ve ever listened to.
Good price for quality of sound. Always loved JBL, way better than most other overpriced portable speakers in the market.
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Awesome
I loved my JBL Flip 4!!!
Awesome bluetooth speaker!
Would've liked it to be a tad louder
Five Stars
Speaker not charging
Sounds great
Five Stars
We love it
5 stars! *****
Perfect! Just what I needed
Four Stars
It?s loud and works great at the beach
Amazing!
Two Stars
Fantastic sound!
Loud
Wow!!!!
Calidad y excelente precio!
We absolutely love this speaker
Both speakers pair together and sound good!
Great product
Gran relaci?n precio calidad
Five Stars
Missing cable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound, not quite reliable
Sounds excellent, however would be nice if the battery lasted ...
The bass is AMAZING
Five Stars
Opened package
Loved it
Great product
ITS  very loud and very  durable
Five Stars
Sing along Christmas carols
Five Stars
Freaking awesome !!
Sound and durability
A bluetooth speaker, that will not link to your ...
Great sound
Set the vibe anywhere
Best speaker hands down
Easy to use and fast at connecting
Fast Shipping
Love it
I recently purchased the jbl flip 4 and absolutely love it arrived in 2 days very nicely packaged and ...
No
Super loud!
Great buy!
Worth buying!!
great product
Sounds amazing
A++
Ended up ordering two of the flip 4 which are pretty much water resistant
Battery Issues
... One Call and it is now one of my favorite electronics to use I take it all throgh out ...
Great Sound
Good product
Love it get it and see the sound quality yourself
NAP pillow
More of an indoor speaker than outdoor.
Great speaker
Great sound for the price
Five Stars
Wrong color received
great product
Best speaker ever
Seemed like a good product but it completely died while in ...
Need help or advice.
SO HAPPY WE BOYFHT THIS
Love it
The Best Ever!!
NO BATTERY LIFE
Good
must buy
Great sound quality
everything was good
Five Stars
Decent price I guess
Five Stars
Amazing speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Bluetooth speaker
Good bass
won't charge anymore
Quality + sound
Five Stars
Looks great, sounds great
Amazing
Great sound
Five Stars
you would not believe the sound quality this little dude ...
100% AUTHENTIC
Sounds great until it doesn't.
I'm going to purchase another one  iike the sound
Awesome sound and long battery life
Works great
fast delivery. Product as advertised.
Great Speaker.!!!
awesome sound
Great
This should not be allowed very annoying also find it very odd that my first review ...
Definitely worth the money.
Its reliable and really usefull
Don?t work
Solid Speaker
Mejorar duraci?n de bater?a
super item love it ??
Not as good as previous flip4's I've owned.
Awesome
My girlfriend loves the portability. It is quite loud ...
Five Stars
Nice sound!
NICE SPEAKER
Thanks!
That these are the best
I have blackweb speaker I bought for $25 and way better!
Five Stars
Great sound
Best Ive had
Well worth the money
A great speaker.
Love it!
Five Stars
Very convenient
Five Stars
Great Sound Quality!
Five Stars
Best value for Bluetooth speakers!
JBL Flip 4 Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Battery does not hold it's charge.
Awesome
all and everything about this item is good.
This speaker is fantastic. I?m a children?s librarian and use it for ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
The sound is awesome.
Great product
Worth every penny
great speaker
Awesome speaker.  Connects and re-connects instantly unlike most Bluetooth speakers
Five Stars
Worth it
U will be surprised ,good quality
Great price for great product
Five Stars
Amazing
Quality product at a fair price
Five Stars
Great product!
Five Stars
A great small speaker...better than expected for it's size...
Great, full sound from such a small speaker
Very good!!!
Excelent
In a large area I may just get The bigger version
Good
It works!
Need a new one after a few weeks
Would have loved for the speaker to come with an actually charging ...
Love the JBL brand and this speaker
Five Stars
Two Stars
My speaker starts to lose sound after a while for ...
AWESOME SPEAKER!
Five Stars
Worth the money
No llego
Nice speaker
Awesome sound quality
Five Stars
Super pissed, cause I've never had an issue with ...
Suuper recommended!
Good sound; Grandson is happy!
great product, top value for money portable
Works great
Decent Product with very good sound and bassline
Very nice speaker. I also purchased the Flip 3
Great sound.
Fast delivery. Lots of great sound
He love to connect his phone to the speaker and listen ...
Great Product
JBL FLIP 4
Good
Battery
A Must Buy Speaker
Beast
No regrets!!
Sounds great
everything perfect till now!
Great price, great product
Five Stars
??
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome sound from such a tiny speaker!
Great price
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five star!
Five Stars
excelente
Great Bluetooth speaker
I made a good decision by buying this speakr
Impressed
Great little speaker!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
wont bluetooth any more
Four Stars
Five Stars
A big little speaker tube
Great product.
Great size and sound.
Nothing at all
Says it can be submerged but doesn't work after
I love it
Five Stars
Perfect
Great Bass, Awesome Speaker!
Sounds good. Easy to use.
Be careful of Square Trade Warranty
This speaker works great
Bigger doesn?t always mean better
Du du domm
Great sound
Great Speaker
Not reliable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
GREAT
Love this product
great for every location
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Sound
Great sound!
Recommended!
Very low quality
EXCELENTE!
One Star
Five Stars
Awesome sound and durability.
Love that it's waterproof
Perfecto
Quality Speaker
Love it!!!
So disappointed as it was a gift for my son
Five Stars
Great but
Five Stars
Super sound quality
Excellent product
Great battery
Not all that
Loud and great bass response!
I love it
Five Stars
Great speaker
Good
Five Stars
Love it
Its lightweight design is only matched by the best sound yet
doesn't hold a charge
I love it
10-Oct
Great sound
Five Stars
Refurbished and definitely had to be returned
Quality
Excelente Sonido
Great!
Five Stars
Just what I wanted
Love it! Great base 4 a little speaker oh ...
One Star
Excellent Condition
A+
Banging
Bluetooth and good sound
Five Stars
Amazing
The battery discharges too fast
Five Stars
Awesome speaker.
Five Stars
Great Value
Five Stars
Five Stars
looks very good and the quality is outstanding
Wish it had just a little bit more Bass to it.
Five Stars
Best speaker ever!!
Good value, I got it for $60
Great product
Great product
Exelente compra
Decent mid range sound quality
Five Stars
Awesome speaker
LOVE!
Perfecto
Amazing sound
Great speaker for price!
Couple issues
It works perfectly
Nothing but good things
Satisfecho
Five Stars
Great sound at a great price!
Five Stars
Love
Five Stars
Best speaker for its price
Best little speaker
Bricks after a few month of use!! Don't waste your money!
So disappointed. Bought this for my son for Christmas and ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Great Speaker!
Cool
Five Stars
Water proof!
not worth it
Five Stars
Watch Out
but I absolutely love this product
Sin duda el mejor de su clase
100% satisfied customer here
Great value!
Great Speaker
Very pleased.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best speaker
Quality product
Five Stars
Fantastic BT Speaker
LOVE! Great price!
good speaker
Ok
Great sound, lasts long
Does the job
Battery died after 1 year of moderate use
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound!
Good Buy!
Awesome
Great product
BEST PURCHASE IVE EVER MADE ON AMAZON!!!
Just what I was hoping for
Excellent
Amazing Sound
Nice sound, portable
Difficult to connect with device.
My neighbor told me to turn it down
Great
Not new!!
Sound quality!
Can't go wrong with JBL.
clear and loud
Quality
It?s great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Muy buena potencia
Great sound in a portable speaker
Good buy!
Five star as standalone, 3 star when paired
Excellent speaker
By far the best bluetooth speaker I have ever owned
Five Stars
I took good care of my speakers and suddenly doesn?t work the ...
It's worth every penny!
The sound from this is AMAZING! Great bass and very clear
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works well at parties
This speaker is amazing!!
Great Speaker
Excellent Stereo Speaker
Battery could last longer.
Yea
? awesome
Worth it
Awesome
Four Stars
Excellent sounds
Five Stars
Good product
Device is not charging.
Sucks!
LOVE
A must have toy
Five Stars
my wife loves it
The Best Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Quality
Great Speaker for the Gym!
Great buy!
Five Stars
Love this
Great sound.
works as described
Great sound
Hell Yes
Great product
It's amazing how this little things pumps
sound great. JBL app a little hard to navigate to ...
I will never buy this product again
Super satisfied!
Great sound for a small device
Five Stars
Great audio.
Awesome!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good sounds from the speaker
Five Stars
Lives up to the JBL name
Douni A7 destroys JBL flip 4, and it?s half the price.
Excelente producto
Great speaker
Great quality
Five Stars
fabulous sound with quite a range
Amazing sound!
Great little speaker.  My 3rd JBL flip.
Solid device with excellent sound quality
Five Stars
Not the color we ordered.....
This speaker is pretty sweet! Puts out great sound
zero complaints
Great sound in small speaker
Five Stars
Great speaker!!
Great
Big sound for a small price
Five Stars
Big sound
Sound quality is great!
it has amazing sound. Fantastic for the price
Great speaker
Makes a great paperweight
incredibly good..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
El sonido barbaro
Four Stars
Just what I needed
Great  Quality
Paperweight
10-Oct
Perfect for outdoor party?s
Five Stars
Sounds good
Good sound but low batery
Awesome product
Good Speaker
I bought this item because of the "12 hour battey ...
Great product with a great price
Incredible speaker.
love
Just good product.
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Simply amazing!!
Great but
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very happy with purchase!
Yes
Good sound
10-Oct
Nothing
Great waterproof speaker
It?s a great product.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great soundcquakity
Daughter Loves it
PACKS A PUNCH BABY!
Dont let anybody hold it ????
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quality for ur $
Solid sound
N/a
Amazing speaker
Awesome sound
Super cozy to hold in your hand and the bass ...
Five Stars
Don?t buy this product
Very satisfied here!
Stay away don?t buy!!!
Love it. Very good sound
Terrible cable quality
Great buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy this!
High Distortion
Loud and clear
Parlantes
Nice
Five Stars
Waterproof
Great unit, compact but sounds wonderful!
Does the speaker have warranty?
Great speaker and the sound is amazing
Great investment. Sound is great and love that it ...
Very good Bass
Five Stars
Good product for the money
Great for the price.
Three Stars
Well worth the purchase!
Flip 4
Didnt last 8 hours. Got it for work only made it through 3/4 day
Very good.
Five Stars
Great sound, durable, and easy to use
Great spund
Good for the price
Great Product, compact with great sounds.
Nice sound
It's the correct choice
Five Stars
Sounds great!
Party everywhere
Incredible sound for the price!
Great Buy
battery life
Awesome
Very good sound quality
Thumbs up
Five Stars
I got this speaker today and it?s really good has good bass and really loud I have a ...
Sound
Sound quality
Great sound quality
Five Stars
I love it
Great sound! Durable!
Great purchase
just ok
Nice sound
Best speaker for its size - hands down!
more bass could have been better
Five Stars
Amazing speaker
Five Stars
stick with JBL
Great sound & Quality
Very good sound quality!
Was not happy that it did not include actual wall plug for ...
good looking, great sound in a small package
Works great!  Great sound and price!
La bater?a me dura el d?a completo eso es lo que m?s me gusta y sonido muy bien tan bien
Five Stars
Beautiful sound
great product
Excelente Servicio
Tal cual se promociona
Beautiful sound !!!
I liked the speaker
Five Stars
Static
Sounds great. Very clear!
Awesome portable speaker!
Five Stars
Great sound...
Great Speaker
Music
One is fine 2 are garbage
Great speaker
Compact
amazing
Fantastic
... gift and the persons who received them were well pleased.
Amazing sound quality!
Will buy another, shortly.
Really worth for money..
Very good sound
JBL flip
The sound is great and powerful
Great little portable speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best speaker ever
Amazing sound and design
JBL flip 4
Five Stars
Worth your money
Loud speaker for it's  size!
Excellent
fantastic speaker. wife loves it
nothing
JBL Flip 4
Fantastic for the price
A party in my hands ....
Equipo dejo de funcionar
Good product
Fantastic Sound quality
It doesn?t vibrate off anything like my old one used to
Enamorada de mi producto
Defective product --do not buy!
Five Stars
Great Speaker
Stopped working after one month
Four Stars
Happy with my purchase
it appears to be waterproof and have good sound for the size of the unit
Nice speaker but not as loud as I hoped for
Great sound
Excelente producto
When you buy a speaker make sure you buy the case for it because you're going to use it everywhere
Great sound.
Five Stars
Waterproof
Jbl flip 4
Good speaker
I love it!
Great sound, even better price
Excellent sound quality
Five Stars
Worth every dollar!
Great sound and bass for the size!! Love it!
Flip 4
I only give three stars for the battery
Best value for BT speaker
It is a sound
Great Product, great sound
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Exactly as described
It was better than any stereo system
Love it.
Five Stars
... lasts a long time and sound quality is very good for the size of the speaker
Four Stars
Five Stars
.
Five Stars
Very good
Great speaker!
Battery
??
Great speaker for the price!
Great sound
Love it.
Five Stars
Great for the price and size.
Love it!
Like this very much!!!
Happy son
Great speaker
Awesome!
Love it
Great little speaker with big sound !
Instructions impossible to understand
LOVE this speaker
I have had this for about 6 months and absolutely love it. Great bass and sound quality.I work 6a-6p and this things a life savr
Buy now!
great item
Nice Product for the Price
Bang for your buck !!!
Easy to use and excellent sound quality
Quality sound and durability
Best purchase I've made in a long time
Five Stars
Use it all the time
Five Stars
Great all around speaker
Great product
Awesome speaker long battery life
Wow
Five Stars
Five Stars
great product
Would not recommend for long play usage.
Five Stars
Good price
Great sound
Good sound
AMAZING!
Great sound
Great Speaker, Lousy Battery
Loud clown sounds on startup and shutdown were just too much.
Battery doesn?t last!
Best speaker I?ve bought yet
This doesn?t come with a charging cable!!
Long lasting charge - great sound
Five Stars
Sounds awesome!
Great product
Best speaker out there
Five Stars
Quality
Five Stars
love the sound and the power people at work complement ...
Worth every penny!
Great quality
Five Stars
Must have!!!
AMAZING
????
Excelente!
Five Stars
Loved it
Loudest little speaker
small and good sound
Sounds perfect and has a good size and weight.
CARGADOR DE BOCINA NO LLEG?
Sound Quality and battery life!
I liked a lot.
Love
Great sound at reasonable price.
Battery doesn?t last
Worth the buy
Five Stars
Great speakers, incredible quality sound
Five Stars
Great quality sound for the price PLUS I just love ...
Sound is awesome !
Sounds good
Can?t beat the camo
La puntualidad en la entrega
Amazing Speaker
A must have
Five Stars
The bass is excellent too!
Great bass!
Powerfull enough to make you feel great
Great for hikes and picnics that I enjoy
Five Stars
Love the Flip 4
Five Stars
Excelent product
Awesome!!!
... such a small speaker it packs enough punch to easily supply tunes in any situation
Amazing purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Only can charger plugged up to the computer
UNABLE TO CHARGE
Five Stars
It's just loud enough to not annoy me!
Five Stars
Awesome
Great quality, Waterproof, great value
Poor battery and charging ability
Wireless speakers
Dud
Five Stars
Great product
excellent sound
worth every penny
Poor sound
Battery sucks
Five Stars
Good sound
Loud
fun, and very loud
Great speaker for price.
Suena fuerte
Buy these
The sound it?s perfect...
????
Great little speaker
Great sound quality
JBL
I loved this product
Five Stars
Worth the money
??????
Amazing speaker! I did a ton of research before ...
Very good
Buy it
sound
perfect
Lies! Send you refurbished
Great Speaker for the price!
No return information
Perfect!! ?
Very good!!
Buena calidad muy practico
Good sound
Five Stars
Really rocks w/o killing the battery
Don't lose time....buy it....did I say it buy already?....Yes buy it
Awesomeness
Awesome sound quality
Five Stars
A big update to the JBL Flip  3
Awesome speaker
Water proofing and sound quality
Does not last long.
Love these. My dad got a JBL3 and I ...
Muy pr?ctica
Delivers its promise in its segment
Five Stars
Great gift
No charger included.
Great sound
A real workhorse
Love it
This thing is bitchin
Great speaker
Good shopping
Everything I was looking for. The only problem is ...
Love it
Works
Five Stars
JBL flip 4
Great
Great sound!
Exactly what expected
Quality
Love it! Great sound for such a small speaker
my son loves it. It has a rich, ...
Don?t buy
Great product
Very Nice Quality
Excellent
Great little speaker!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great purchase, good book for buck
Great Bluetooth Speaker
good
This was a purchase for our teenage son. The ...
bought bluetooth speaker Dec 18 - now it does not ...
?
Love it
Battery life is not what they say it is
Good speaker, bad connectivity with other speakers (when I try to link up several of them)
Five Stars
Great speaker
Love this speaker
nice speakers
Great sound!
I bought this as a gift for a friend of ...
Great product!
Five Stars
Great
Fills the room.
Love it have to get one they're awesome to have.
Perfect
Great for the value
Solid sound quality.
Just buy it already... this speaker is amazing!
Looks, sounds, works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Presio accesible
Flip
Loud and full of bass.
Doesn't hold a charge after a while
Great sound
Jbl bluetooth is awesome
Amazing sound quality and the battery lasts for a long ...
Great sound
I like it!
Worth the price!
Good sound, short lived
Pleased with the quality!
Portable Speaker
Best portable speaker yet.
Really good!!!
Great purchase
Great for beach trip
Excellent audio
Great speaker
Awesome speaker
Battery life after 3 months dramatically decreased
I loved the speaker
Top class
Great sound.
For the money it is a great buy. Quality sound
Won't charge
Five Stars
Great
You'll love it!!
Great buy
After about 9 months it just stopped working
Greatest portable speaker I have owned.
Just What I Expected
2 thumbs way up
Great product
Five Stars
Love these speakers
Nice for the job site.
Amazing Sound
Great sound, battery, and durability!
Amazing!
Sound is pretty good
Five Stars
High quality speakers
Great !
Excellent Sound
Do Not Buy!!!!
Five Stars
Very good quality speaker
Excellet
good sound
Five Stars
Amazing!
Strong bass, very little distortion - even at high volume.
Easy to use and sometimes im not sure if its ...
Small enough to take anywhere, and I do.
Bocina JBL
Great value and quality.
Five Stars
Not worth it....
Sounds
Phenomenal sound quality, price is crazy good.  I highly recommend!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrible Battery
Great sound. Plenty loud to fill the room
easy to use
Five Stars
So far. So good.
excellent
Great speaker.
Great quality sound
Great speaker
Love it!
No free shipping on defective items returns
Great item
Great device!
So disappointed ??
Great speaker
Two Stars
Awesome speaker
Bad speaker
Five Stars
Awesome sound
Five Stars
lasted 5 months
Awesome
JBL Flip 4 is super
Great speaker
Five Stars
Great Speaker
Great Sound!
great sound in. a little package
Good speaker
I like it!
Great speaker
Five Stars
Does it upgrade?
High volume for a little speaker.
Great sound, ease of use and portability
A Safe Purchase
Great product ?
Try not to have the volume completely Hi. Battery last longer on Med & Low volume.
Five Stars
Weight
Good sound good product
Quality, durable speaker
Five Stars
Really good sound
I like my new Bluetooth speaker I will be looking for ...
Great sound!!!
Five Stars
Great sound
Great sound
More than satisfied.
Hope you guys can resolved
Four Stars
Best one
Great speaker, good sound quality, bad battery
speaker quality
Very price product
The JBL flip is amazing for the price the sound is outstanding and connects ...
Great little speaker!
Sounds great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cool
Best portable speaker I've found yet!
Great sound
It is perfect, sounds great
EASY TO USE
Good sound
JBL Speaker
El buen sonido
Highly recommend!
We now interrupt your bluetooth speaker use with an annoying blast of unwanted sound, by design.
Five stars
Great speaker
Battery drains fast
Very portable  and easy to  charge.
battery life not so good
I loved it.
Five Stars
Quality A1
Exactly as advertised. Perfect quality. Fast delivery.
Good design
Great quality
Five Stars
Great gift idea
Work very good
Long lasting battery
Amazing speaker
The best of the best
Love this speaker.
Five Stars
Excellent
good
Five Stars
Big sound for this little speaker. A vast upgrade ...
Five Stars
Excelente producto para disfrutar de la musica
Love you all
Five Stars
Great Speaker - Great Service.
Great speaker!
Small Speaker with Big Sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
Battery charging issue...will not hold charge and won?t power up
Did i mentioned is waterproof too.
Awesome sound!
LOVE IT!
Que no es muy grande ni pesado
Five Stars
Spiker buen?simo
Nice Product. My daughter will enjoy the
this is a great speaker!
Highly Recommend This Specker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It is one of the best speakers I have used
Product
Great sound
Five Stars
Great speaker
This speaker is there for me.
Battery Life is no good
Five Stars
I like it.
Awesome JBL product!
Worth
Disappointed
Very nice little speaker
Great product! It has a great sound to it
Great sound
Sound!!
Great sound ! Portable and easy to use ! This is our 2nd time buying !
The portable speaker is fantastic! Good loud sound
Five Stars
Great C/P!
Great sound
The sound is perfict.
Not worth the money.
Five Stars
Sounds great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Dope
Great sound
Five Stars
only worked for a month. batteries won't charge and ...
Great quality for price
Amazing speaker, gets extremely loud but still maintains clarity ...
Great purchase
I love it
Great speaker with good sound clarity
Stopped charging
JBL Rocks!
great speaker!
Like the options of colors, quality, price.
good sound, long batery
Five Stars
.
Great!
sound quality
Great sound
Perfect!
Material
Battery last long
Five Stars
Great Purchase
Five Stars
I love it sooooo much but a little after it stopped ...
Best deal
Will not connect to Flip 3 speaker Beware
One Star
Five Stars
5 stars
Wow!
my bf loves it!
Five Stars
Good speaker
THANK YOU FOCUS RIGHT
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Better then ever
Five Stars
did not expect this
Excelente!
Five Stars
Sound is great! Battery life lasts
Five Stars
Five Stars
Does the Job!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great sound,
STOP WORK IN A MONTH!!!
Good speaker, bad warranty service. Don't buy. It'll break and you'll be stuck.
It's amazing
Great sound for price
Three Stars
Five Stars
It is OK but it came in an open retail box.
Five Stars
Five Stars
The sound is wonderful!
Works perfect
niceee
Very good quality
Good sound quality.
Makes my gf jam out with her clam out.
A really good speaker
everything was perfect
Five Stars
This speaker has great sound for the size.
Four Stars
Poor battery
It is best to listen to music not at the maximum volume turned on.
This speaker was awesome..
Works well , sounds great.
Two Stars
Fast delivery Good sounding
Five Stars
... stop working in january 12 of 2018 not very good for what we payed for it thank you EDWARD
Great bass, long battery life! My go to party speaker!
Five Stars
amazing sound
Five Stars
Que a la Flip4  le faltaba el cargador
Great sound and sweet Camo!
Great powerful speaker but does not hold charge for very long
Beautiful and with a great sound
Over all okay
Five Stars
I just received it yesterday and it keeps turning off ...
Genial
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kickbutt sound!
Great quality, easy to use
JBL
Five Stars
Amazing sound quality! Doesn?t mess around!
Great blue tooth spreaker
Quality
The BEST speaker in it's price range.
Deserves every star
Five Stars
I love everything about it so far
Five Stars
Easy to carry around
The sound went from good to nothing , my phone is louder
Awesome Sound
Very easy to use
That I?m satisfied with the purchase
Great sound
Highly recommended
Great item.  I love JBL
Five Stars
Good speaker for outdoor entertainment.
Sounds great!
Wouldn't buy
I've had this speaker for less than a month and already it's stopped charging
Very loud!!!
Bad purchase
Five Stars
The best
Five Stars
This is a good speaker but my speaker broke and I want to ...
Muy bueno
Streamline
quality
Perfect to have in a bedroom
No vuelvo a comprar JBL
Lasted a year
Amazing !
Three Stars
Great Loud Sound. Make sure to get a charger for the speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love, it has a great boost
Great sound
Five Stars
Buen producto
If you want a portable but powerfull speaker that's the one!!
Don't buy
Three Stars
Love this! Excellent quality for the price
Excellent quality
Good
Loud
She loved it being water proof
Small but loud
Buy this
Came fast
Great speaker and bass is good to I highly recommend ...
Perfect Speaker
Excellent portable speaker!
Excellent speaker!
Five Stars
Daves not here man...
Excellent Product
Very loud
Works Awesome
Very satisfied
he absolutely love it.
Suggest getting a refurbished one. Works amazingly, all ...
?
Expensive, but it is really worth spent money.
Five Stars
Got it right away works great
Great rich sound quality
Design is cool and sound is great
Worked good the first week but after that it broke down ...
Great item at a great price
Wife loves it
Overall Reliability Style Sound and battery life
The quality is superb.
Five Stars
I like it a lot
Nice and loud speaker
awesome speaker!
Its a good speaker but just make sure dont drop it
Wonderful buy and sound quality
It good and loud
Loud!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quality product!!
Five Stars
Great quality in sound
Great Speaker
Great product!
Four Stars
Worth the money
great product
Great sound
Five Stars
JBL
love it! great sounds for such a small little ...
Todo bien
Sound is perfect but battery life didn't meet requirement
Powerful speaker!!
LOVE IT
Four Stars
price
Five Stars
Highly Recommend
Five Stars
Won't regret!
Best speaker under 100
Five Stars
Great speaker
Great product... as long as you don't care about stereo
Great
Definitely recommend this!!!
Great value for top quality sound.
Five Stars
Makes a great housewarming gift!
EVERYONE IS LISTENING
Love the speaker!!
Five Stars
Great sound
NOT NEW
Good base
Good sound quality
Five Stars
Met expectation!
Five Stars
This device is great!! Love it
Great price for such great sound
Five Stars
Excellent sound quality
Muy buen parlante
I recommend not buying this speaker
Musical motivator
Easy to use
Es buena calidad
I love the speaker
BEST SPEAKER
Five Stars
Don?t charge
Recomendable
JBL FLIP 4
Great bass and the music sound is awesome
Five Stars
It's great I love it
Quality
Great sounding
Five Stars
Missing an accessory
Good buy
Five Stars
Absolutely love this speaker!!!!
Great product
Second Flip ! Works great
Love it
Color!!
Awesome speaker
Well madei
Durable
Five Stars
Great priduct
It sounds amazing
Good quality
Fantastic speakers.
A high quality product and sound for a great price!
Perfect
Five Stars
Good quality
It works for the price
Nice product
Amazing!!
Great, big sounding speaker
You need to buy this
Five Stars
Best small speaker
THIS SPEAKER IS AMAZING
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good product
Perfect
Great sound
Good speaker
Five Stars
Doesn?t last
Good speaker
Five Stars
very good speaker
Highly recommended
Five Stars
Perfect
Sweet
Buen sonido
great product great sound
Great Speaker
Five Stars
Great product.
Just love it
Five Stars
It is a great product
Price worthy
Great product
Shipped well. High Quality
It?s loud
Outstanding Sound Quality
JBL Flip 4 Bluetooth Portable Stereo Speaker
Compact and mighty
Great sound!
absolute clarity of sound
Sound
Amazing overall
Battery life lasts a looong time
love it!
Compact with power, a must have!
It?s great!
Amazing
Awesome sound. Good durability.  So far
Great sound
Waterproof
??
Five Stars
Five Stars
As always good bass!
Definitely satisfied
Amazing.  Love the color way
Doesn?t work
Five Stars
Great sound
Five Stars
lo m?s importante de este aparato es que es contra el agua
Has great sound even at higher volumes.
I am really disappointed with the product that I was sold
You can pair it with another JBL speaker in stereo mode.
Great product
Awesome sound.
JBL is Awesome!
The BOMB!
Great speaker
Sound is great! And the battery stays charged for at least ...
Five Stars
Good
Great sound. Long battery life
Solid product
Great sound
Good potable speaker
Five Stars
Cute and small
Three Stars
Five Stars
Worth the money
good quality.
Perfect sound! Product as promised
Love it!!
Five Stars
Danny
Good product
Love it!
Good
Good
Best bang for buck
Great sound Great value
Love it!
Muy bueno
Five Stars
Great quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
The JBL
Love it
Check for usb charger wire
Buy with confidence
Five Stars
Five Stars
Handy size, super sound!
Great
Awesome product
Great sound. Half the battery life.
Five Stars
not as big as you think
Sound quality
I love it. I think it is a great product
Besy portable for the right price
5-May
Five Stars
The best brand
Exelente
Small but powerful
Sound Quality
just amazing, perfect quality
Value
Lies
Five Stars
Great
Short life span
Works Great!
Five Stars
Good product
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Quality
Jbl
Great speaker!
Fits in my golf cart great
Ideal
A must buy for Bluetooth speaker
Good for a month
Five Stars
It has a good sound quality
Five Stars
so good. Nothing not to like
I am very disappointed. I was not hurt
Five Stars
Se escucha muy bonito
Simply amazing
Wish the battery lasted longer.
Loses battery often.
Worth buying~
"BUY IT ITS LOUD AND AWESOME" After a few trials ...
Five Stars
Better than advertised.
Sounds good and it's made very
Okay
Pretty good for the price.
Fast delivery!!!!
Good speaker. Picked this over the Charge 3 and ...
Great little device
We love how easy it is to link up to Bluetooth
It was very easy to connect via bluetooth to my PC in the ...
Small doesn't mean bad sound!!
High quality
It is great!! The sound is good and it doesn't ...
Amazing speaker
Great little speaker!
Five Stars
Small and good sound!
Awesome speaker
Loud n easy to use
Good quality
Sounds great
Five Stars
JBL Flip 4
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazon rocks
Cheap price and good sound
Five Stars
La impermeabilidad
Good but missing one thing.
So far well worth the money 4 months in
Three Stars
Good buy
JBL Flip 4 is amazing I love it!!
Amazing
Wrong color
I like it
Great sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works great and is actually waterproof
Fabulous speaker
How water proof is it?
Great value!
Quality of music
I especially like the high quality sound and bass and waterproof feature
Overall best value
Love it
Excellent
Y en sseguida m llego
Bttery lifr
This speaker is fire!
Amazing Speaker!
Great product
Five Stars
The way it sounds
Good quality
I absolutely love this speaker
Bien
with a great sound! definitely happy with my purchase
Defective after short usage
Five Stars
unreliable
The sound quality is worth the money
Three Stars
it?s awesome. Perfect for the hot tub
Jbl
Great sound!
Love it
Great sound
Nice speaker
Great Sound
Great sound and quality
Wow
Five Stars
Simply incredible sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it
It?s a good speaker, love it for answering calls so I ...
When I got the product it wasn?t charging not even ...
Easy connect. Nice sound.
Very nice
Good sounding speaker
It?s quality.
Get it!
Sound is deeeeep
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product and price!!
great speakers - better sound quality than Bose
Works much better thab expected.
Five Stars
The clarity of sound and volume
Great speaker
Five Stars
Quality.
It the best speaker out there
I love it! There is nothing like JBL sound quality
Refund
Great sound quality!
Quality product
Five Stars
Perfection
Five Stars
Great sound quality
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sounds amazing!
What I do when my Jul flip 4 not turning on no more
Great speaker
great
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Sound
Great Sound
...
No problems!
It's a JBL
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best speaker I?ve ever paid 4
My son loved it
reliable product and very happy with over all
Buen precio!
Is good for the value
Wonderful Speaker!
Five Stars
Great sound
Five Stars
If the product comes with a charger
this is a great buy.
Nice sound but only plays for 4 hours not 12 as indicated by vendor
Five Stars
Loud blue tooth speaker
Five Stars
Great Speaker
Five Stars
Amazing
Buena calidad
Five Stars
Perfect
Powerful speaker
Love it
Awesome! Works great and sounds great
SALI? DA?ADO
Broke
Speaker
defective
Love it
Great value
Excelente
Five Stars
2 will not pair outdoors
Great sound
Love it! Great product
Five Stars
Amazing Sound!!
Great speaker
best buy ever
Battery is very average
Five Stars
The sound is excellent
.
Brand name and Quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this speaker!
Five Stars
Good sound
Amazing
Easy to use
Good bass
Five Stars
Really good
Worth the money spent
Not good
Great all around speaker
Awesome indoor / outdoor bluetooth speaker
Great sounding speaker! Large sound for a small speaker
A swimmer's delight
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Very good sound
Sound
Ever better than the expensive ones
Five Stars
Have bought another as gift, very pleased with it.
Awesome
Sound
Well worth the money.
Five Stars
Sounds great
Great sound
Five Stars
Amazing quality!
I love my JBL . THANK YOU. I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE.
De lo mejor
Good sound
super
Everything about this speaker is great
Wow. Wow!
Sound
Five Stars
Great quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Doesnt work
Muy bueno
Five Stars
Five Stars
Durable
Amazing sound!
JBL Flip 4 Rocks
Packaging was excellent. Sound quality is great for the size
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I would highly recommend.
Speaker sounds great, charger breaks in a couple days
Perfect sound for out side places
awesome
Awesome
Love it!
Great product
Great product
estimate at 4 jan but arrived 31 jan ,awsome!
He is enjoying it very much and i am glad he told me to order it for him
Excelente
Best
I love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Portable
Five Stars
Awesome speaker
Love it!
Decent product
A very good speaker.
Buena bocina
Love!
Awesome sound
Great value
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gift
BUONO
Great
Sound
Five Stars
really satisfied with it
Producto muy bueno a muy buen precio
Great Bang for Your Buck
Great purchase
Good price for how awesome it sounds.
Amazing
Great item!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice design
One Star
Five Stars
good
Great speaker, took it on a cruise and used ...
Super sound, duper design
Sounds fantastic!
Five Stars
good
Great little speaker
BEST In Price Range and Quality
Amazing
Five Stars
This thing is awesome! Great sound way too much volume and on ...
Five Stars
Its loud
??
Awesome
Battery
Five Stars
Good!
sound quality
Amazing little guy with awesome sound!
It is so good
Five Stars
Solidly built, great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Jbl does it again.
Exelente
Five Stars
Five Stars
Has great sound! I recommend this product
Cool
How it works
??
Quality
Worth it
Really disappointed
I am ok
Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
with another flip 4 is perfect. Just what I was looking
Five Stars
Will continue buying this brand
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
AWESOME!!!
The sound is amazing
Five Stars
Awesome
Worth buying for sound quality
SICKKKKK
Good  sound
Five Stars
Surprised
Loved it
Good sound
Five Stars
short life
Small but powerful!!!
Good sound, easy in everyday usage
Five Stars
Awesome Sound
Great Product
Five Stars
good
Small speaker, BIG sound.
Great
Great battery life
love
Sound is great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Exelente
Better than the charge 3 in my opinion
Five Stars
Perfect
One Star
Highly Recommend in red
Great sound & portable
Five Stars
Battery life is not that great but most importantly it didn?t last not even a year.
But it
Nice sound for a small unit!
Great sound, color
Great product
Love it!
luv it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Big boi
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice
great sound
sound
Five Stars
Battery life is not up to the mark.
Definitely recommend
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Best Speaker For The Price
The Mini has a fairly pathetic speaker for music so I wanted to bluetooth to ...
The convenience of taking while traveling
Does not turn on or pair with your bluetooth device.
Clear sound
Five Stars
Great portable speaker
Got a great price from amazon
Five Stars
It?s good
10 stars if I could
Five Stars
Broke after 3 months
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sound
Great sound!
Awesome speaker
Good Sound
Five Stars
Sound quality disappoints a wee bit!
Five Stars
This is exactly what i need!
Five Stars
excelente producto
Good quality
Solid performance in a portable Bluetooth speaker - sturdy construction, good sound
Clarity at it's best
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good option for the price
Good
LOVE, LOVE
Five Stars
El Coyote
Five Stars
It works awesome and the sound quality is awesome as well
MUSY BUY
Five Stars
Great speaker!
Great bluetooth speaker!
JBL
Five Stars
Carry anywhere.
Five Stars
Awesome!! Impressive sound and so easy to use
Great product, durable and loud nice and crisp
It?s a really good speaker for everything
Perfect!
Five Stars
Five Stars
6 max ((( very disappointed
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keep it charged
Worth the Money
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice Speaker.
Five Stars
La puedo tener en todas partes que baya y tiene muy buen sonido
Five Stars
Good quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent for music around my pool.
Five Stars
:)
Not happy with purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome
USB CHARGING WIRE BROKE QUICKLY
Four Stars
One Star
Killer sound giving the size!
Super long battery life and just excellent all around.
Fireeeeeee
Five Stars
Very sad
Great sound
Won?t be sorry.
High quality small package
Battery doesn't last as long
Five Stars
Five Stars
Top notch
Must have when u go out
Great speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good seller
Best sound you can get
Five Stars
Good buy
Very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
super dispoinited
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good speaker good app Jbl. Killin the game...
Aguanta mojarse
Best Sound
Great Sound
Five Stars
Sound quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good bye
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great birthday gift
Muy bien
Excelente
But the life of the battery is only 4 hours if you listen  music all day
Good
Long Thorough Review for Regular People (and comparison to Oontz Plus) - with pictures and water test!
So far the BEST portable speaker by OontZ
After having it for awhile...
The Blue Tooth Speaker Marathon
Amazing Sound! A little too powerful for its own good... Firmware update fixes lag!
In the simplest terms.. Awesome.
Lasted several minutes until blowing. Got free replacement which works great.
Cheaply made!
Luv them, luv them, luv them!
Great speaker, extraordinary customer service!
Great Customer Service and Fantastic Quality Sound
Risky purchase; roll of the dice if you buy this.
For the price, it's a 5-star product.
Big Sound from a Small Ultra Portable Speaker with a Funny name!
Great quality for the price.
Dead before 3 months use
Clearer sound than Original Oontz Angle 3, but not louder.
Small speaker-BIG sound
Terrible Sound, Volume Randomly Goes to Max, Non-Existent Customer Support
BUYER BEWARE. May lose  ability to recharge. Then, it's useless!!!
Solidly made with terrific performace for it's price range, plus it's splash proof with a option for stereo pairing.
Spend the extra, get the ULTRA.
It's ok, especially for the price - but it isn't as amazing as I hoped from other reviews.
FANTASTIC little speaker, crystal clear sound, and surprisingly loud!
DISAPPOINTED
I'm done
Great little speaker! A big improvement from Angle 3 Plus.
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra vs JBL Flip 4
Actual Bass From A Small Package (w/Update)
Major flaw with WiFi interference.
Compact speaker with decent bass and sound stage (update - high failure rate and short warranty)
Deep, robust sound, AMAZING customer service!!
These speakers (and the company that makes them) rock! My search is finally over!
Worked for two weeks, then died permanently
Okay speaker with some annoying quirks
Sweet!
Bass really rattly right out of the box
I have the oontz angle 3 plus and loved it so I bought the ultra for a Christmas ...
Great speaker for the price and in general, and absolutely outstanding customer service from Cambridge SoundWorks
Small, quiet, mediocre sound quality, price performer if you don't mind sacrificing sound
Great combination of sound, portability & battery life
Great product for the price, has track back/forward buttons
Awesome, but.......
GREAT speaker with AWFUL Bluetooth audio latency.
AMAZING
Sound isn?t great. Expectations too high?
Wow! Took over my skepticism in a heart beat!
Great product for under $50
Just received speaker and it sounds good but something is broke inside the speaker
Dynamite, wide range sound for limited space applications.
Superb Speaker - Don't Let The Cost Fool You!
REVISED :  SPEAKER QUIT WORKING & NO SUPPORT AVAILABLE!!!  <Great Speaker, Especially for the Money!!!>
Slow to Pair
Well Worth the Money!
Plus was great... the Ultra is awesome!!!
Buy two!
Five Stars
Incredible Portable Bluetooth Speaker
OontZ does it again.
Superior Quality at an Affordable Price
Midrange lovers, here you go...
If you?ve been thinking about buying the speaker, do it! You will not be disappointed.
Some BASS but Not as Loud as OontZ Angle 3 Enhanced
Doesn't work well with my Echo Dot (2nd Generation)
Best Customer Service!
Update
Didn't fit my needs - Wanted loud music while in the garage working.
My go-to for portable speaker needs
Nice balanced sound.
Nice sound once analyzed
Latency and middle of the road sound by default
Impressed
Good sound, sturdy build; Slow to connect, laggy for video
A ton of line noise through AUX cable, not great sound anyway once I solved it.
WHAT ARE YOU REVIEWERS TALKING ABOUT?!
For the size and cost this little speaker is an incredible value.
Charging port stopped connecting
my favorite bluetooth speaker by far
Horrible piece of garbage bought 4 , had replacement twice
Balanced Sound
Good Sound.  Easy Setup
Quick link to non-BT, no aux vizio tv
Not bad but there are better speakers at the same price
excellent sound, longevity remains to be seen.
Worked OK at first.
How do they make something so small sound so loud and so good?
Great sound, small package
Could be more perfect.
Apple Mac connection problems resolved!!!
Not so ULTRA
Just buy it already
Very disappointing sound.
Good sound from small speaker, newest 4.2 Bluetooth
Great sound; info on firmware update
Loud, cool looking and bassy!
Good sounds quality but....
Very versatile- Makes an awesome laptop speaker!
I like them so much, I bought 4 more and gifted two to my and two to my son...
Audiophiles rejoice! Best BT speaker on the market!
I think its perfect for my needs (for now anyways)
Picky audio guy says get it!!! Battery is alien I guess...
Sufficient sound for the price.
Not bad, just a nuanced distinction between the two
pretty good sound for size
It has hollow rubber feet so it does not bounce all over the place
Great battery, mediocre sound quality, massive lag with video, occasional rumbling...
??? We be banging up in here...
Buyer beware! Stay as far away as possible!
Buy 2. Thank me later.
Wow! This little speaker fills the room!
With two of these they sound so Fantastic!  and Great Value!
Buy 2, and Pair Them...It?s More Than Worth It!!!!
Great Deal! Great Product!
Good sound, paired bluetooth feature works well.
Please Work!!!!
Exceptional speakers and a terrific value
Quality
Wow - finally have stereo back in my life!
Stunning sound
Great speakers for portability
Watch out for short warranty and charging failure - great otherwise
Great sound quality
Small Speaker Nirvana
easy setup and great distance
Poor sound quality.
Better than the plus, better value than the 3xl
Oontz REALLY let me down.
Awesome
Very Poor Sound
Finally, stereo and good bass and good sound.
Meh
I liked everything about this speaker, but
Better Than Expected
Absolutely the best speaker for the $$$$$$$
So tiny!
Great Sound and Customer Service!
Get's the job done!
Very disappointed
Awesome BT Speaker what more needs to be said!
Set up speakers from a single source to two different locations
Maybe I got lucky but this thing is really good.
For the price this speaker isn?t bad. HOWEVER
Great sound, great company
POOR QUALITY CONTROL
Very nice!
Audio not synced with video, but has good bass
12 out of 10, would definitely buy again.
Increible
Fantastic Speaker / Great Customer Care
Definitely get the one that's cheaper than this one....
Good speaker, but Oontz angle 3 plus is the better speaker.... sound wise at full volume
Great when paired together
Sounds great, works well
Wish I could give 6 stars
Decent-sounding unit, better-than-decent customer service
impressed - update: it got a little wet and now is useless
Great speaker and EXCEPTIONAL customer service!
Not built to last
Pairing complex but accomplishable
Don't drop this
Great little speaker!!
Not made to last long
Solid, reliable and inexpensive bluetooth speaker
High quality low fidelity
Battery life is less than impressive.
Great product, Great customer service!
The dual pairing mode is so easy and amazing
Sheer Awesomeness!!
Warning very cheap quality, initially overpowered bass and blows very easily
Killer Bluetooth speakers for a killer price!
UPDATE: Great speaker, but Wireless Dual Stereo is broken
This speaker produces really great sound for its size
This thing is freakin' amazing!
Great sound quality!
I hope this can be resolved (UPDATE: PROBLEM WAS RESOLVED)
Buy This Speaker... FANTASTIC SOUND AND TRULY EXCELLENT COMPANY
JUST WOW!!!!
Disappointment...
4 Stars
Awesome speaker and customer service
Love these speakers
NICE!!!!
Bigger and Richer Sound and Bass Clear and Distortion Free
Decent, but I'd save up and get something better
Would recommend.
Very impressive, very.
Great sound, but issues with Echo Dot
Fantastic speaker!!!!
Broke in 5 months **Edited** But great sound quality for size and price
Bass is very good for this small speaker
Decent sound quality...
Decent Sound, Good Build, Great Buy!
Updated Review:  Very good speaker for audio, a little lag on videos, great service
Nice sound but not all features work
Inexpensive but still sound solid!
Not great with Echo Dot
Great performance, reasonable price, awesome customer service
What A Bargain!
Love it!!!
Totally awesome first time I hooked them up and put them ...
Probably Every Feature You Could Want in This Price Range.
My favorite compact speaker by far
Wow!
Mid range heavy
Second OontZ Angle
Better Than or Equal To The More Expensive Sound Towers
Poor durability over time
Great speaker
Great speakers for the money!
Perfect for the shower.
Nope.  Dont like it
Don't rely on it
Stopped working within 3 days of getting it
Clear, loud sound!  U won't be disappointed!
Loud and Clear Portable Speaker
Very good hands-free phone connection device.
Some serious volume issues, it's loud, it's soft, it's loud again... over and over and over.
Sound quality and function.
Amazing sound!
Great bang for the buck.
Cannot go wrong
I got the little Oontz Angle and really liked it but wanted to get the bigger one with ...
Game changer for my classroom.
Good, Not as Great as Others Claim
WOW and more WOW, Really Impressed!
Love These!! Oontz Rules!! Best version  to date!
Really good bass
Works Great!
Bad sound.  Inconvenient.
Just Buy It!!!!!
Victim of 5 star reviews
Great sound at a great price with some excellent incremental improvements.
Great little portable speaker with impressive sound for its size
These are some of the best Blu-tooth speakers for the money!
Excellent Sound, Even From Just One Speaker
Difficult to Pair; Not for use with laptop movies
Everyone who hears these is amazed!
UPDATELove the sound this unit puts out UPDATE AGAIN
I love this speaker! Sounds amazing!
Honest review: OontZ Angle 3 vs. JBL Charge 2+
Reasonable sound for its size and smooth operation.
Surprising multi-functional little speakers.
Worth the cash!
Great Deal!
Not bad but not great.
A perfect day-to-day cubicle jockey companion.
Right Out of the Box it is GREAT!
Best bang for your buck.
I would not recommend these for quality sound, but good for my needs
Fantastic sound from small speakers
Super Speaker for an Average Joe
Great speaker and better if you have two of them!
5 star service!!
Music is life from these speakers
An absolute must buy!
Sweet
Initial Impression
Lil box but BIG sound!
Great little speaker with fantastic battery life
Great speakers, easy set up,fantastic sound,need mounting brackets
Incredible for the price
Terrible battery life
a bit disappointed by bass response
BANG for the buck.
Stopped working after 3 days.
Fantastic sound for the right price
Great with bluetooth, passable with audio cable
Best sub-$50 Bluetooth speaker
Stereo (two speakers) didn?t work?but now it does.
Sounds three times its size!
One Star
Great sound and easy to use - hard combo to beat!
really impressed with the sound
Great product for the money
Not waterproof at all.
Stopped working after a week of use.
Stopped working after about one hour
Bluetooth would not stay connected to Echo Dot
I really liked the style and size of the speaker
This thing JAMS
Great Sound in a Small Package
Big improvement
Great Speaker; Good Value
Awesome Customer Service!!
Good sound
Amazing sound and amazing stereo pairing
Won?t hold a charge after 2 months
For the money you really can't beat these speakers.
Very good sound, and the microphone works (although voices come ...
Very satisfied
Weak charging port
Vibrates off countertop
Decent, but looking to upgrade after 3 months. Battery isn't great. Bluetooth audio desync.
Decent sound but better alternatives exisit at this price
Very good blue tooth speaker for the money!
Original version has better sound
Almost there!
I bought 2 of these, at first I though ...
Great little speaker
GREAT SPEAKER!!!!! LOVE IT!!!!!
Fantastic sound for such a small gadget. Ample sound volume.
Pretty good sound out of a little package
Easy dual pairing and good surround sound quality.
Do not pair as left & right channels as advertised
Not sure why people buy the more expensive ones
Don't  bother.
Don't wait. ..
The best little Bluetooth speaker..
Great Sound!
meh...it's OK I guess
Good buy for ~$40
Must buy if you need audio to take around with you. MUST!
Awesome sound from this little speaker!
Awesome Customer Support Team!
Fell into Chemicals...Still bumps HARD!
Won?t keep the connection
ZERO bass from the driver. Defective?
I?m surprised how good these sound
Charging port broken
Absolutely great speaker
Good value
Good speaker, depth of sound, excellent customer service.
What a surprise
Awesome speaker when you buy two and pair them with your phone AND use an equalizer to get the best sound
Short battery life
Good purchase choice!
Premium Sound and Look - Great Buy
They're Decent
Waste of money
Great little speaker
Excellent sound, great value
Sounds Great as a pair.
Great price, just OK sound.
Great built speaker but got a lemon
Don't buy more than one, dual speaker pairing does not work!!!
An Excellent product with quality
Bass is like whacking a table with a felt drum beater.
Cambridge Soundworks is back sort of keep them coming
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra - Portable Bluetooth Speaker
I?m so pleased to have quality music again
this is a good product. It's probably even be a great product--for ...
Great purchase, use it all the time.
Dual Pairing is Cumbersome and Laggy
I love it but the battery life is lacking
Official Michael McKenna Jr Review
Very Nice Mini Speakers
A really good Bluetooth speaker for the price
Great, great speaker. Will not be disappointed.
This Speaker is fantastic.
... give this speaker 5 stars not because it?s the best overall, but because it?s the best in its ...
Very good speaker with 1 drawback
5 months then DONE
Really Good Speaker. Comparison with Oontz Angle 3 Portable
Delighted!
Awesome speaker! <3 it!
Get 2 and enjoy in stereo.
Unbeatable value for money
Great Sound - when it works.
A latency test still has a bad sync.
Great at this price point!
Good sound quality but lag makes them unusable
Connect to speakers together wirelessly.
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra
Wow.  Be sure to buy two for stereo.
Great Indoor Only Speaker! Volume range not good for outdoors.
Pairing 2 of them together is Awesome
Loud, stereo linkable, wonderful!
No need to search any further - THIS IS THE ONE!
Good bang for your buck
Review is base on price and the class of speaker it is
Battery is worse on the Ultra but Bluetooth range increases from 30-40' ...
Boom for the buck
Oontz speakers are the best bang for your buck
Best speaker brand out there!
Great for the price
Arrived damaged, and with faulty charge port
OontZ
Real non biased review
This speaker worked great the first time I used it which was for ...
Excellent product,however amazon product description fails to state that it CAN run directly from ac using the USB cord
Short life
Buyer beware! 90 day warranty insufficient
Doesn?t last very long.
I have multiple!
One of my most useful gadgets
Great deal!
Great speaker
This is such a great Bluetooth Speaker
Better sound than the Sony SRS-X55
working well.
The extra watts and bigger speakers are a very noticeable upgrade from the Oontz Angle.
We were very pleased with it
Speaker, bass, and battery... KUDOS!!
No bass, otherwise ok.
Will not stay connected to Echo 2
Strong Sound, Passive Appearance
This is a great little speaker!
No Highs, No Lows...must be B*se....but not with Cambridge, this sounds awesome
Love these Speakers!
the bass is surprisingly good and the mids and highs are excellent
I like this device!! I?d buy this again without a second thought!!
Great sound for a great price.
Nice for the price, connects easily, decent sound
Love it- Durable- Does what it says
A must have!
No charger
Great quality speakers at an incomparable value - Review on Paired Speakers
Didn't last a year
The sound quality is dubious
Great sound, Excellent speakerphone for your mobile phone. Great Bang/featureset for the $$
This Speaker is Amazing
Loud but not clear, LAGGY bluetooth connection.
great bass, and clear
So Nice I Bought It Twice! Er - Four Times
All of this a fun experiment that I am really enjoying
Aux input is wonky
What a deal.
These tiny speakers are absolutely amazing amazingly easy to pair they look excellent the Construction ...
Umm, this is way better than I could have hoped for!
Great as a vibrator..
Did Not Work!!
Impressive sound for a little speaker
MUDDLED FUDDLED REVIEWS
The oontz angle sound thee best while bass is lacking there's not distortion at all ...
EXCELLENT DEVICE! The range of the bluetooth is amazing
Micro Adapter on Speaker Stopped Charging
Not an audiophile, but these sound darn good to me!
Oontz angle 3 ultra
wow!
One year update...
Your welcome
Absolutely excellent.
Oontz Angle 3 Plus is a better purchase...
WOW!  Really nice speakers.
Great speaker caution vibrates off surface when bass is heavy lol
Dual speaker feature works great!
which has terrible sound and isn't very loud
Great Sound
Great sound. The long charging cord is a plus
Twice the price is not twice the value
Great quality for the price!
For The Price It Does an Outstanding Job
Incredible Product
Loud, easy to use, long battery life
Awesome customer service
Great sound, great size, great price, great quality.
Great. Highly recommend
Huge disappointment
Buy a pair, you will not regret it.
Does not sync with voices on tv. There is a delay
Best bang for your bucks! Better than Bose mini Speakers
Good buy for the money.
Almost a great speaker.
Sounds pretty good for the money.
Way too quiet, phone alone is louder.
Thoroughly Impressed
The best Bluetooth speaker I?ve heard under the $
***Works Well***
Connect Two Angle 3 Ultras for True Stereo. Impressive Blue Tooth Range. Hard to Beat For The Price.
Excellent value
Great speaker and great customer service!
Good for me...
Outstanding Bluetooth Speaker
Loud and tough.
Wont work
Love it. Plenty loud and solid bass.
Great Sounding Stereo Pair!
Bass is absurdly high, making sound distorted and saturated
Big sound, small unit, great value
While the speaker is quite good, its VERY BAD when using bluetooth and watching ...
Portable Powerhouse
Optimization to avoid lag is a drag..
It sounds great.
Amazing Portable Speaker for Echo Dot
Lots of sound is a small package.
Good sound, but could be better.
In the context of portable speakers, excellent
Great Sound and Long Battery Life
Great sound!
The warranty is only 90 days
Disappointed in these speakers
Probably the best you'll get for the price
Great Sound, Great Support
Unbelievably great speaker for a great price.
Awesome Speaker!!
Sounds very good and works great
Good speaker, small bass output
Great sound for the price.
Good sound, odd delay when using a Bluetooth connection to a laptop.
Best speaker, best customer service!!!
Great speaker! Big sound!
Great Product... Great Seller
Stopped working - less than 4 mths usage
The price is not right.
The sound is amazing for its size and price
Why I Choose The Angle 3 Ultra over the JBL Flip 4!!
Impressive little speaker!
Darn good for something that fits in the palm of my ...
Worth Buying 2 for Stereo Sound
The sound not quite what I was expecting
Really nice versatile little speaker
How do they get sound like this from something so tiny and inexpensive?
Great customer service. Unbelievable sound quality. AA++
Serious bluetooth lag and electronic noise when charging and connected to 3.5 mm audio cord..
Sounds better than my Bose Soundlink Color.
Wish all played with the same quality sound.
Picked up stray bluetooth
Very good BT speaker with good bass
Great, affordable bluetooth speaker!
Solid product, solid vendor
Great buy!
Exceeded expectations
Great Blue Tooth speaker by an awesome company!!
Great sound for the price!
Excellent Speaker
Deep sound
Great sound from a little triangle!  Until it's not.
Disappointing time delay...
SCREW all other Bluetooth speakers!!!!!!! Put this in your cart NOW!!
Sound quality is very good (for an amateur)
Great little speaker.
When it WAS WORKING, it WAS a Great Sounding Stereo Speaker,
Lots of sound and convenience
I love blue tooth speaker, esp this one.
Almost perfect for the low low price
Great speaker, terrific seller!
Excellent
Ultra meh.
It is easy to listen to Classical and early Jazz at a ...
satisfied
Its a great little speaker.
Wouldn?t buy any other Bluetooth portable speaker- The Dual Stereo is great
Works great.
Awesome & highly recommended
Best portable BT speaker / speakerphone
Incredible powerful sound quality!
Might last a few months to be honest
Absolutely love this speaker
Good speaker at a decent price
This is OK if used in an environment with little ...
Good, But Distorts at Higher Than Half Volume
power cord
Great sound at a steal of a price
Gave as a gift
Even better than I expected
Charging port damaged too fast! Just a month
Awesome build quality, bass, and battery life!
but trusting others' reviews on Amazon and Youtube I took a chance with this product and surprisingly this little speaker sounds really good. Makes me happy knowing I bought a comparable ...
Nice clear vocals even at high volume and plenty of ...
Great product, Great customer support.
Not that much better than the Oontz Angle
Must buy!
Very good sound and value for dollar spent.
Defective charging port.
Amazing company support!  Great product!
I like the extra options on the side and the bass ...
Good speaker.
Great for stereo listening
After a week it stopped pairing
Purple's Reviews
Nice sound quality. Good value.
Amazing!!
Charging socket poorly made
Worked well. The problem was my TV not the speaker.
I would buy this again, and just might!
Great product from a great company
Best portable speaker ever!!!
Always have to caveat, for the money this is ...
Buy two if you want it loud! Correction, make it louder?!
Excellent Sound
Invest and buy two. Their worth it.
volume
Impressive sound!
Don?t waste your money!!
Great gift! Loud and easy-to-use
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra - Great all around!
Great speaker! Just make sure you get what you ordered!
Quality doesn't always have to be expensive
Ability to Connect Two of Them is Killer Feature
I was a fan of the Angle 3, but the ULTRA blows them away!
Unreliable Bluetooth connection / Awesome sound quality
Great Product... Great Company
Water kills these!
Awesome sound!
One of the Best Buys on Amazon
Best Speaker EVER!
I'm a believer!
Love this speaker!
Clear sound at what I consider loud anyway. Sturdy.
Good sound
Easily connected to multiple devices (laptop
Will buy more!!!
The speaker sounds good it?s loud as expected It works good for the ...
Concern about the speaker
Nice budget speaker
Stopped working after a month.
Nice little portable speaker
Gifted to non-audiophile in-law and I was very pleasantly surprised
GREAT SOUND AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE FOR MY WEDDING!
Bathroom Speaker
Wow
Awesome sound and durability
Its all about value, people.
Great Speaker!  Definitely buy
Surprising sound Love it
Great a single, but so-so with 2 paired
It's ok.
I love this! I bought two of them to have ...
Great Bluetooth speaker
One Significant Flaw
I like it. Great price for a well made quality ...
Great sound at a great price
Video Sync Lags When Using Two Units Wirelessly ; but Otherwise a Great Unit
It?s convenient, easy to use and pack around.
Great for 1 year
I highly recommend this item
Was not happy with sound
Great sound and value
Awesome speaker-100 ft range
Wow Great sound
Diamond in the rough for a portable bluetooth speaker! Outstanding product at this price point! Great job Cambridge SoundWorks!!
Great Sound
Great value
The Perfect Portable Speakers
Great sound, great quality =)
AMAZING! I love these speakers and I love this ...
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra
Make sure you update the firmware
Poor quality control
Lag in aux port
These bluetooth speakers are the best.
Great value with plenty of features.
For the size and price, you will not find a better speaker.
does distort after a certain period and should not be turned up all the way or else it starts to sound like its gonna break
For the price, excellent sound and easy to work with
Fantastic sound and range
Great value and sound
Great choice!
JUNK - broke at 2 months, wouldn?t replace
Awesome Sound!
Long Life! Good Sound! Durable!
This is a great speaker
Very nice for the money.
Great product
Great speakers and with 2, even better
Powerful little speaker!
Great little speaker for a very small price
Works well but don't try to use the mic
didn't expect this sound from such a small item
Works great.
[Rating Update- 5 Stars]* SO, Close to Perfect
Broke after a week
Wow!
Great mids and highs, but severely lacking in lows
Good clear sound
It can stand up and sounds even better!
Cambridge Sound Works Stands Behind Their Products
Sounds good!
THIS IS THE BEST
Customer service is very responsive & excellent. Had a very minor issue with one speaker ...
SUPERB sound! Video audio out of sync though...
Okay if you like all bass
Powerful and clear
OontZ Portable Bluetooth  Speaker review
Use it for work
Lasted for less than a year
Great quality, and the bluetooth is solid and easy ...
Great sound!
Great for the office
Don't waste your time. Broke within a couple charges....
Great wireless speaker for the price.
They don't sound all that good.
Big fan
Bose who? Oontz all the way!
Perfect for a bedroom with a dot and Alexa
even though the bluetooth connection was fine. Reset numerous times
this thing works like a charm
I have friends who have installed Bose and Sonos systems with outdoor speakers and I'm sure those systems sound a little better, but not worth ten times the price better
Pairs easily, big sound, very satisfied, shows battery life on smart device
Won't hold charge
This is a nice speaker if you like heavy base sound
Good speakers
Great little speaker for a decent price
Three Stars
Good, but not great
Update the firmware to pair
I was going to give one start but I did like the design
Sound quality very poor
OontZ Angle 3 ULTRA : Portable Bluetooth Speaker
Good sound
Full sound from a small speaker
great bass, nice and loud, lots of controls built-in to the unit itself.
... the San Jose Mercury News and these do not disappoint. I bought two and the way to make ...
Great little speaker - Great customer service
One of the best wireless speakers for the price.
Great speaker!
Robert Y.
This little beast ROCKS!!! Don't be fooled by it's compact design....
Big, bold sound from a small package!
Love these things
Update
Don't leave in the rain
Crap
beat the crap out of these (pair)
Nice to have for outdoors
? AWESOME!! ?
Great bass, clear sounds
Small, but it packs a punch.
Best Speaker you can buy
Good sound... but didn?t do what I wanted it to
Excellent unit.  Company replaced mine without question when it failed.
Great sounding little unit!
Good quality sound with a small form factor and
Damn, this thing sounds good!
Nice little speaker until one failed...
Had an Angle Plus for several years and loved it. Purchased this one on January 6th
Love this speker
I Love these. I ordered a second one as soon ...
Sound just OK nothing special, just loud.
Great sounds and better customer service!
Speaker died within 2 minutes of turning on. NO sound.
Buy these, they are great.
Expectations fell slightly short but not bad
Just buy one... SERIOUSLY
This thing is amazing. For the amount you pay ( I was ...
Great sound for the money!
Can't get dual speakers to pair.. :(
This speaker sounds great for a budget speaker and really holds it own ...
Very Good Quality
Great sound
Sounds great
Very capable bluetooth speaker for the money
Good sounding little speakers
so good! I bought two of these to replace a ...
DO Not play heavy Bais music Loud !
Packs a Punch! Way smaller than you think, great speaker!
Excellent speakers for many applications.
Great speaker
It has a hiss sound.
Clean when loud
Rich sound
great sound
Lasted 5 minutes
Best bang for buck speaker out there!
Too much bass, non adjustable equalizer
Good sound at a reasonable price
FAILED AFTER LESS THAN 2 MONTHS
Awesome sound! Smokes any $100-$150 speaker on the market!
They sound better than any other speakers of this size that I've ...
Save your money
Worth the upgrade from the OontZ Plus
quality sound
Very good value
Great!
Bluetooth audio trails behind video by noticeable amount. Must use hardwired for use with video.
Received as a gift (I put it on my Christmas list)
GREAT Value
ENJOY!
Can't use with Dot on everywhere group.  No problems with UE boom, Echo, Yamaha, Logitech.  By the way Anker same problem!!
Big sound--tiny speaker
Super sound! Good price.
this one is the best. I have a JBL that is unbelievable
Incredible sound and bass quality
Oontz never again!
Volume issues
Better than the Angle Plus but have now had two break within 2 months of buying
Awesome
Great Speakers
Sounds like a lemon
Great bang for the buck
Very decent speaker for the price
Love it! Great sound!
great!!!!! lil speaker
Better Than My Bose Sound Link II
Day 1 and I?m returning
Disappointed
Good value for the price and size. Not audiophile sound but adequate for travel.
For $35, this thing really ROCKS!!
Great speaker and great customer service
Good value for the money.
Great sound
Luckily I had one extra to keep at home and I have enjoyed using it myself
Awesome speaker for a great price!
Lasts forever!
Oontz 3 Ultra is amazing
Singing in the Shower
Buy two to pair for dual sound
Love this speaker!
Excellent battery life...
cool, loud (but not as loud as my jam ...
Sounds great, terrific value.
VERY IMPRESSIVE
Fabulous Bass
smaller that we expected, but BIG sound
Excellent speaker
Good bang for the buck!
Good sound/Can?t handle bass/lasted 3 months!
Should have listened to previous reviews
Highly recommended.
Quality at the right price
Decent sound - and a great price - get a great value rating from this user.
Amazing speaker for size and price!
Amazing speaker for the price!
I shopped all the major brands at Best Buy and Target and only models costing three time ...
WOW!!! Just got it. Love it!!!
Great for the price
Works fine with all my Bluetooth devices.
Love it
Greatest Impulse Buy I Ever Made!
Angle 3 Ultra Speaker
Buy the extended warranty
Amazing sound quality!
This is so useful and easy to use!
Great buy
Just okay...they work and I have sound
Amazing product!
Outstand Customer Service
Very nice little speaker
Oh sh!t
Revised:  Sound Quality of OontZ Angle 3 Ultra is very poor
Nice and loud.
WOW!!!!!!! I'm blown away!
YOU WILL LOVE THESE!!
Pairing with my phone and to each other is really easy. Sound is really good for the price and ...
All that and more!
Quality
Packs a punch for the price
Alright
Wow. ..just WOW ! !!
Highly recommended!
Super cool little speaker.
Great performance at listening levels.
Powerful, loud very clear speaker
Easy connect.
It doesn't get any better. This compact speaker has a BIG sound quality
Worst one ever!
Impressed
Phenomenal sound at a great price. Well built
Love it
Good, but not at all "water resistant"
Great sound at a bargain price!
Overrated
Great sound waterproof compact
Great speaker, best in a pair for full stereo seperation
Durable and distance.
Awesome little speaker
I really wanted to like it(update)
Great speaker!
Perfection
Love the true stereo with 2 of them
Tries to do too much at this price point
Highly recommend
only oontz worth buying
Sounds great
Don?t know what I did without it
It's got really loud sound for such a small speaker
Pretty rich sound for the price
These speakers are a lot louder than I thought they ...
Keep up the good work!  Love my ULTRA!
It worked great-until it didn't
This is not the crappy speaker I was expecting!
Worked for 5 minutes, now connects but no sound.
Fantastic sound, good bass, great battery.
best bang for your buck!
Very Good Sound
I found the Angle 3 Ultra to be slightly better sounding, slightly more portable
Great speaker for price point.
Love it!
Music makes hard work easier!
Great product especially for open plan living space.
Amazing sound quality
Great, afforadable speaker.
Good prod but expected more
I love this speaker.
Like bass you'll love this speaker.
Great sound form a little speaker
Great as a standalone, terrible lag as Computer speaker
Simple to use with good sound
These are excellent little speakers
I am happy with my purchase
Fantastic little speaker
... this for a couple weeks now and it's a good little speaker
Maybe or Maybe Not?
Its nearly perfect. No joke!
Epic Christmas Fail... By April won't charge!
Husband loves it, bought the 2nd one to pair
These sound great! I purchased for stereo use of background music ...
Good buy
works great unless you catch a lemon
Rivals JBL and Bose at an easier to swallow price!
Lights are on but no one is home
good quality all around
Perfect
Piece of CRAP!
Was looking forward to this speaker.
It connects to another speaker to make good stereo.
Great customer service!
It delivers as promised
Got this on my toolbox and this little speaker can ...
Great Speaker
Broke after warranty
Get a pair!
I'm impressed!
USB plugs on all 4 I have bought are defunct
Great speakers. Also, i wanted to add to my review. These speakers will walk on a hard surface. That's how good they are.
No bass, no good sound, poor sound. Stay away from this speaker
Amazing Speaker. Love it!...but it's never been $99.
Unless you like over-emphasized bass, you will be disappointed in how long it takes to integrate
The Oontz Angle 3 Ultra is one of the best compact BT speakers Ive heard at a very budget-friendly ...
Unbelievable This thing is great
Great sound that lasts a looooong time
Same as the last model pretty much with an extra button
Works great
Amazing sound! this is the second one i order
Nice BT speaker
Amazing little speaker
I turned it on and left it at the front of my backyard and went way to the back and the sound was still great. great
I love this it is wonderful
with good operating instructions
Excellent product and service
Great Speaker
Static-Sounding
Great sound !
UPDATE: It really was a great speaker with great sound for it's price
company has a bad return policy.....speaker was junk
One pair automatically connects to Stereo. Sound is excellent and battery life as well
Phenomenal sound quality
Sounds great and has excellent battery life.
Suddenly Quit Working!
Nice sound
Very nice and loud!
It doesn't last long
Big sound!
Great product.  Well made.  Excellent sound.
I can't even explain how bad it was
Outstanding value!
This little speaker is amazing.
True Quality and affordable.
Great quality speaker and audio for a great price. I recommend.
Love the sound
Great Speaker, Excellent Customer Service
Pound for pound best speaker on the market
Great Speaker for the price
I recommend this speaker.
good beat for it's size
Lasted 3 weeks.
Great Speaker!
Amazing speakers that pair!
Great Sound!
This speaker sounds great! What is even better is the customer service ...
keeps a charge for a decent amount of time and easily paired with another Oontz Angle 3 ultra
Worth it
Stop: Buy This!
Excellent product for the price
Very good sound
I did not expect it to be MUCH better than usual great!
Great product at a great price
CAUTION IF YOU BUY TWO!!!
Amazing sound
Great speaker!
Everyone was amazed how great it
First one stopped charging after twi weeks Sound was good so I?v replaced with another one Second one has ...
Better than my Bose
Good improvement over the Angle 3
Good
Better than Bose ?
Nice sound!!!
Portability is excellent
It's only OK.  Don't expect deep rich bass because it's just not there
Sound quality to the price is amazing, once you set up your equalizer it's even ...
Worth the value even though all the way to the other side of the world
Absolutely Awesome!
The bass sounds great and retains good highs
Bass could be better
Amazing sound
The best value around in portable Bluetooth speakers
Great little Speaker...
Loud enough but not sooo loud
Love this thing
Good speaker for the price.
Very happy
Great sound and handles the abuse
Sounded good while it lasted.
Own two and has significant difference in quality.
hard to pair with bluetooth and even harder the second time
Amazing sound from something so small!
So good I now own 2!
Stopped pairing in a few days.
Should I return it
Excellent
You can't go wrong with the quality for the price.
Great sound
Excellent speakers
Get what you pay for
Great
Excellent small speaker
Disappointed at Bluetooth Speaker phone capability
Portability and Loud Audio.
Very VERY PLEASED DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THESE SPEAKERS
Great gift for a teen or younger.
Surpring audio from a small device
Great Speaker!!
Can't go wrong for the price.
It does what it says. Not as loud as ...
Good for the price
Not impressed
Good sound -  beats my old expensive Marshall
This is a great little speaker
Great speaker, definitely worth it
This thing BUMPS.
J un kz
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra
The Oontz ultra.
Buyer beware
Great for outside listening
Sad day for music
Quality Product and Awesome Battery Life
Great speaker!
Well crafted speaker that performs well.
Great sound
Unbelievable sound for such a small device.
Great speakers
Great Price
Rockin out all day!
Bumps some music and the battery life is really long!
This was great for the first few months but now the connectivity ...
Solid portable speaker!
Great choice for BT audio
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra
very good sound, sorry.
Ok for most purposes
Sounds amazing!
Nice design, solid build, smooth rich sound
Battery last an eternity!!
it is easy for websites that are not loud enough and it ...
Great speaker at a great price
Playing music is fine. Playing youtube video from IOS devices(IPAD)
Amazing performance at a very good price.
Great
Great sound for the money
Worth it
Great
Im beyond happy. This speaker sounds amazing
Sounds good, best for indoors.
Great sound!
Very nice
What an upgrade from the OontZ Angle Plus. Longer ...
Amazing!
Great Batter Life!
The sound from this thing is truly amazing! It's loud and powerful
Can't beat these for the money!
Great sound and great price
HUGE sound in something the size of a can of coke
Cambridge Soundworks knows what they are doing.
Great product and price
Great product
Failed Max Volume Test
Great sound!
Beats the Jambox
Sound quality and reliablity.
its perfect
Love it
Sturdy!!
Battery and sound rock! Audio jack and mic may not be so good
Great speaker, but may not auto re-connect
Good sound but serious lag with YT videos
Good
Very satisfied with the size and sound quality it produced
Beautiful piano tones!
Loud for it's size and sounds really good, it was quite surprising
Love this speaker
poor sound quality
Great sound, including decent bass
worth the money for sure
Great Sound Quality
Five Stars
Not bad for price but didn?t meet expectations
Not worth the money
now stereo
WHAT?????  How can it be possible???AMAZING!!!!  Even better  than we thought they would be!
Great speaker quality for the price
A lot of sound from a small package
Deep sound Quality
We tried 3 wireless different systems (from different brands) and this was the perfect one
Excellent device, but doesn't work as far as stated
Good Product, Good Price, Good Sound
Nice little speakers
Daughter loves it!!
Duuuuude! This speaker rocks!
Better than its baby brother?
Excellent value for this speaker.
Sounds great
Sweet speaker
Muy buena calidad fuerte no tanto pero para su precio muy bueno
Not bad for the price
Charging port is not very sturdy
Great quality!!! Love this speaker.
REALLY good speaker!!!
Not the best speaker.
Great little speaker
Nice base, long life battery
Great for the Cookout
Great soumd
Great speaker
Great quality and price
Amazing Speaker!
Nice Speaker
PACKS A PUNCH
Fantastic sound quality.
Great value
Great Bluetooth Speaker!!
Great Speaker
Loud and clear speaker with good base
Great little speaker
Superior bluetooth speaker
Worked well in the shower.
Oontz angle 3 ultra
Excellent sound, excellent battery life and no issues connecting ...
Like a loose ball that rattles every time I use ...
Heavy weight but,  great sound.
Fast shipping
Listening to music when taking a shower
Great speaker, sound, and battery life
It packs a boom
Incredible sound, at a very reasonable price.
Great sounds
Great and awesom according to my grandson.
Reliable and better than expected sound.
Brilliant Speaker
Sounds Great!
This Works Great
Blue Tooth speak with Alexa connection - sort of
This worked great at the beach
Can?t ?Beats? it for the price!  (See what I did there?)
Awesome Speaker!
Pretty much the consensus....
Great sound and easy - part of our everyday life now
great price, great quality
Surprising sound for the size
Dual-pairing feature is great!
Good speaker
Mixed
Great little speaker
Unprecedented sound
Love this speaker!
Great product
Good price great sound
Good price for heavier louder good sounds
Huge upgrade from the Angle 3!
Great sound for little expense
Great sound and bass but after about 2 1/2 months ...
Fabulous speaker
Quality
Very good despite the price!
Good sound and design
too much bass for this little speaker
Good, loud speaker for the price. Tends to vibrate off table or countertop.
Works great
Worth more than listed
Highly recommend
Great customer service
Will recommend to anybody that's looking for a small Bluetooth speaker
Excellent bluetooth speaker
Powerful little speaker
Not very satisfied by accident I dropped and something inside broke and ...
Portable speaker
Great little speaker!
Software issues?
Great Blue tooth speaker.
Great BT speaker
love it ! bass is great, volume is great, price rocks .. sound quality is fabulous .. def sounds just as good as our other one t
I use it a lot
Great little speaker and great customer service !
excellent sound for the size and the price
Good sound
Doesn't Charge
Quality sound and value.
Unbelievable sound
Great little speaker
Not quite as loud as I'd hoped but surprisingly good sound quality and plenty loud for most small applications ...
I bought two and they are great
Excellent speaker, excellent customer service!
Great sound for a good price
first of all these speakers have amazing quality for the price
Great battery life
Quality and functions well worth the money spent
Good speaker...just stopped working after 5 months.
Unfortunate..
A steal for the price.
Lovin it
Five stars
Excellent quality sound!!!
Awesome!
Not worth the price ($35)
Rock out with your headphones out.
Easy to setup, and great quality and sound
Four Stars
This speaker wasn?t pricey like the others I looked at
Amazing little speaker
a lot of speaker for the price
Best Bang for Buck
So good I bought a second one!
Great Decision!
Insane Base!
Highly recommended. And a good price for the quality
Great sound.
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra bluetooth speaker is a piece of junk.
Good sound. Long lasting battery.
One Star
100% satisfied!
Sound quality is excellent and range is impressive - even indoors
A fantastic little speaker, especially for the price!
Be careful of the charging port.  It is delicate
Great Sound, Bad Feet!
Sterio sound.
Great buy!
Good bt speaker for the price
A Bargain at twice the price!
This little thing rocks.
Fantastic, sounds like speakers that cost 2-3x as much
Just average bluetooth speaker
Quality bluetooth speaker at a reasonable cost
Speakers blown after four months of light use.
junk
NO BASS AT ALL!!!!
Great value
Don?t buy. Broke a couple weeks after the 90 day warranty expired
Great little speaker
Great small speaker
Awesome Sounding Speakers!!!
You won?t be disappointed
Powerful
Great speaker
Happy with purchase
A good option for a Bluetooth player
Great for price. Buy 2
Quality product
Awesome, awesome
Good product !
A bit tricky to pair but of sound.
Arrived on time and easy to set up
... volume of the more expensive ones but it links fine with iPhone and Samsung S7
Decent speaker, but...
How do I return after 30 days?
Too bassy and muffled
Great speaker
Worth the good price tag!
JUST BUY THE DAMN THING ALREADY!
Fits in your pocket yet can fill a decent sized room with awesome sound!
love!
Jobsite Thumper
Good company to do business with
Three Stars
Great sound quality for the price
Quality and price friendly. Battery last a long time with high volume
Clean clear and loud
Really Good Sound Quality at a cheap cost
great little speaker
Great sound, great product.
Sounds great at reasonable price
Good Bang for Buck
Simply amazing!
One of the best portable speakers out there!
Boots n pants...
Buy it!
Great sound!
Great of price
This is a Go and Get product!
great sound from a small device
Best price/value ratio of any Bluetooth speaker I have.  Really good sound, with palpable bass.
Perfect
I?m happy with it
Nice speaker..
BUY TWO!
Yes
spend the extra and get the ultra.. way ...
Good value for the price
Little speaker packs a punch!
Good for the price but died after six months of light use.
Very good value
Great little speaker with a big sound!
Jam out!
Great sound and battery life
IPX5
very nice sound for a modestly priced bluetooth speaker
Great pairing of wireless speakers!
with excellent highs and rich
OontZ is Bad A$$!
Sound quality is good considering its price
Instant Party
Great battery life
simple to use
Perfect
Not having much luck.
its good not great
Having the change track buttons makes this version significantly more useful to me in the shower
Louder than expected... which is great
Nice for the price!
speaker
kickbutt speaker - clear sound and it has bass! ...
battery life, Bass what more could you ask for.
Great Speaker
Great value: loud, good sound quality, and long battery life
Great speakers for the price
Great for small office
Blue Tooth speaker
One of my best Amazon purchases.
Great Product!
Great sound at a great price!
Great sound
Good quality Bluetooth speaker with decent sound for size
WOOW great value and performance for the price
These fail quickly
This is a great little speaker and well worth the cost
Buy 2 and play both at once!
Great speaker
super sound for close listeng
Nice little speaker
Oontz ultra
Great and loud speaker with bass
so far very good
The sound was not there!
Decent but closer to bad than good
Great little speaker
Cost Effective
great sound, would recommend
Great speaker. Great customer service.
Great buy, good bass for the price
Great little speaker
Poor sound
Nice Sound
Good bluetooth speaker
Amazing Sound!
Little with big sound
Great sound and battery life
Great sound for the size, and price.  Easy pairing.
Speaker is exactly what it says it is.
Very easy to use and the size is just right!
Great quality, loud, clear sound, good bass, long battery life.
The best run time I've gotten is about 10 hours
Better than a radio at times and can be moved around to different rooms.
Great speaker
Great sound, great service
Definitely worth it
Small package with plenty of punch!
Would recomend to a friend. Great value.
This thing is a beast!
Enjoying my speaker
Good speaker for the price. Charging port broke after 4 months
has a great sound and easy to connect with devices
Good Product, Great Sound
Five Stars
Buy it!
Perfect for the Beach! Perfect for Travel!
Stereo rocks
Highly recommended
Great battery life and bass
Great sound
Great speakers.
Good transaction.
Won't CHARGE
People are shocked when they find out all that sound comes from such a small speaker
Great sound, marginal looks
Hey its not that great as they mention
So good I bought another one!
Awesome little speaker!
Exceeded my expectations...A great buy
BOOM in a Box!
Awesome speaker
Big sound.  Little speaker.
Nice
It's definitely an improvement over the previous model
Great sound quality
Excellent sound quality!
Not as good of fidelity as my JBL Charge 2
Stopped working after 3 months!
Good design
3000 square feet quality
Great speaker. An optical audio input would allow it ...
Good Quality & Blue Tooth
Great little speaker!
Great speaker for the best price
Love that two can be connected to in stereo
Good product.
... months now and while the sound is actually very good they tend to move while music is playing
Best speaker I've found for the price.
As of right now the speaker sounds good and works well
Decent Sound quality, better options out there
Loose Cord - Will Not Charge
Oontz is the best!!!
Great sound , easy for travel . Keeps charge .carry book bag . No radio in car , sounds better
Good speaker for the price.
Good
Has very good sound and
Good BT Speaker Better Price
It?s a very good option
Good quality sound and deep bass
I love Oontz!
It's not bad bluetooth speaker, but for me not good enough. My expectations were high because a lot of positive reviews
nice
Superb
Five Stars
new one is three times louder and has great sound quality
Awesoem
Sounds great. Awesome base for a small speaker
Love it!
Value Speaker
Super
the great music that came out of it
Great when you have 2 (Left/Right channel).
Best bang for your buck, for sure.
Low quality sound
Great price not worth more than 35 dollars but this feels solid and is good.
Five Stars
Excellent Speaker
Two Stars
Good little speaker.
They are loud and sound great with good bass
Very Good Speaker!
No paired
Good sound for a good price
Overall satisfied if unit is secured in place
Muffled sound
Sounds amazing but ours broke after 4 months of use
great sound
Great speaker for the price
great little speaker
Great Sound!
Great sound, plenty loud
Sound quality
Powerful
Good Speaker with great value
Happy we bought it.
Awesome Speaker!
This is a great little speaker for the money spent
VERY nice!!
Treat yourself if you enjoy music
Great little speaker
Bought this for my 19 year old son for Christmas ...
GREAT SPEAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome!
Great product
Sporadic in providing sound
Looks nice but sounds bad. Battery life bad
Great speaker for the price
Setup was super easy. Nothing bad to say
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice purchase
Nice base for the price
Best one yet
Cambridge nails it
Great little speaker for he price.
Awesome speaker and Awesome Customer Service!
Buy 2 for easy stereo
Great product still
Cheap quality. It stopped working in 3 months !
Better than the Pill
This one gives you the base you want. Treble ...
I was expecting more
Great sound
Durable, sounds great.
Blown after 3 months
Great battery!
Great sound.
Bought one, liked it so much, bought another, and pair it in stero.
Great
If you like your bass like I do look else where
... sound out of something so small but not the greatest sound quality
This speaker is awesome! Has plenty of bottom end but needs a ...
Five Stars
The speaker is very easy to use and has excellent sound
Sounds wonderful.
Are used with my echo in my downstairs bathroom sounds great
One of the speakers blew the first time I tried to use it.
Durable!
Excellent sound quality but under powered
They're great!
Still a great deal for the price IMO
Nice sound
Excellent speakers and exceptional service and support!
One Star
great sound, had it on the beach and it ...
Bad low sound frequency
Amazing speaker for the money.
Better than expected!
Oontz Machine
Great sound
My third oontz
Portable goodness
Small Unit, Huuuuuge Sound with BASS *Ump ump ump
Just buy it! Great value for the price!
Great sound for its size.
It sounded good while it lasted but unfortunately the speaker blew and ...
Connection is easy and convenient
Good Sound. Good range
NO DOUBT
Love this speaker!
Love this prism shaped speaker
Good speaker for the price.
Sounds pretty good folks
extremely pleased! Highly recommend it and will buy another for ...
Good speaker
Great product, great price.
Nice quality for the price
Bluetooth quit a month or so after purchase.
Good speaker, poor materials
Great Sound and Battery
Love it!  Bought 3
Buy two. You will be happy you did so!
Small speaker, big sound!
Great sound
Got these, now!
Mighty Mite
Very good product
Not a "Jumbo" Coloring Book
Nice sound.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT AND EXCELLENT SELLER !!!
It is a nice speaker and has a decent range for bluetooth
Awesome speaker for the money
Great bass
Disconnects from Device Constantly
Works great! No issues so far...
It was easy for her to pair and has decent sound
A lot of Oontz for your buck!!
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra - The Best
I take it everywhere. I use it on the ...
Excellent little speaker.
Very nice
I loved the sound of it so I contacted Cambridge about ...
Great sound from a small speaker
Packs a punch for a small speaker
Better Than My
It?s a good speaker
Good blue tooth distance.
Great BT speaker
Cheap, mine quit on me on the first use ...
Excellent quality and great sound!!!
Great sound
Good for the price
Nice Bluetooth speaker
Would not take the chance
Great sound and holds a charge for quite a long ...
Great speaker
Great customer support!
Exceeds its selling value
Did not last long
Good buy
Excellent product
Great buy for the price!
Great Speaker
You see it's all about that bass x 2 and treble!
Great Sound At a Great Price
Get this speaker you won?t regret it!
Great, while it worked
speakers
Great sound from such a small speaker.
Good speaker, but need to manually upgrade firmware to remove audio/video latency.
easy to use
Can't seem to handle 14 watts
Great Value
Great bang for buck
Great sound for the price
As described. Great product and fast delivery.
Great unit with awesome sound and priced we'll below the ...
Sound quality
Lasts for days, rugged and mostly waterproof.
Wonderful sound quality and awesome battery life
Powerful bass, got it!
Its good!
Excellent speakers. Sound quality is decent
Satisfied
Easy to link 2 speakers
Good bass level
Easy to set up ...
Nice sound
One Star
You will not regret your purchase.
Ya got to try this speaker.
The sound is great
Great for the money
Lacks any frequency response at the high end.
Poor Quality Control
Excellent wireless speaker
Great little speaker!
The bass out of this speaker is beyond impressive
Spend the money on the bigger one
Very nice speaker
Very well-made works great
Must buy!
Love this speaker
Great sound, questionable durability
Amazing!
Great speaker
Very unexpected!
Its a great product made by a good company
Fantastic
Sounds fantastic for a small unit
Sound quality is great. User guides were extremely helpful
All about that bass
Great sound and pairable
Was GREAT, but not anymore.
Five Stars
This product does not work.
Good sound
Awesome
Great sound for the money
Great sound for the buck!
A very good product. Excellent value for money
The little speaker that could
Clean bass
GREAT LITTLE SPEAKER
Busted speaker
this speaker is strongly recommended. No
Excellent sound, bass response and ease of use
Great for the first month
Surprisingly good bass. All at an affordable price
Good overall sound quality.
Money well spent.
Love this speaker
solid
Five Stars
based
... purchased the speaker to pair with Echo Dot for better sound and for outdoor use
Nice economical BT speaker
Better than I expected
Great bass!
Good sound quality, weak bass
Biggest little speaker.
Garbage
Great choice!
Great sound from a small speaker
Good sound
Get one now! They rock, literally.
Great sound for the size
EXCELLENT for the money.
Great Bluetooth..
Volume control is not functional
I highly highly recommend the Angle 3 Ultra
Excellent speaker
Excellent Sound
Great value
Great set of speakers
The great sound quality I really like being able to connect ...
Five Stars
Great Speakers!!!  Great Sound!!!  I Might Buy More!!!!
Okay for
Nice volume level for a device this size
The best
The best and most affordable speaker around
No complaints at all
Charging cable failed
Five Stars
Good item
Unbelievable set of quality speakers
Best portable speaker I've heard
It?s decent
Shop Walmart.com Over 70 million Items!
Great product!
Charging malfunction
Good for one use only
Will blow you away!
Pretty Damn Good
Great for the Price~!
Awesome price great product
Awesome product.
Speaker
Five Stars
Great speaker!!!
Great sound!
The sound coming from this speaker is awesome!
I should have purchased two!
Worth the money
Awesome sound comparable to other Big name brands!
Great small speaker for the price
More bang for your bucks!
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra Bluetooth Stereo OMG
Ok
Great products great sound for the size and money
Sounds amazing for the size!
Bought a second one
Great sound ..
A little false advertising
Audio/Video sync issue when used as pair. (sound delay)
Way louder than expected
Poorly made
Great speaker
Great tone, good volume and charge lasts long time
Great value
I would buy again.
Works great
Speaker
Love it!!
Great product
I absolutely love this little speaker
Good deal for d ?
Great sound and good speaker overall
awosme
Best speaker in any price range
Perfect
Great speaker!!
Sounds better than my husband's $200 portable speakera
good reception
Did not like it, I much preferred the Oontz Angle 3 ...
Amazing sound
Can survive inside a washing machine!
Pretty good
Good product!!!
Highy recommend
Great quality
Sounds great, Works with Echo - internet radio on Echo ...
Five Stars
Great find!
Great product
Great buy!
Love it
Impressive speakers
Five Stars
It?s OK for the price
Solid product
Needs possible improvement with creating stable parts inside the speaker for the amount of watts of power it pushes out..
Had one before . Xl
Sound is amazing
Five Stars
Works great
Great sound. Long battery life.
It worked great for one week
Perfect
Decent for the price.
Good for the price
Sad sounding
Don?t let it in snow.
Absolutely amazing the quality of sound out of these little speakers ...
you should buy this.  stop looking
Would definitely buy again
We love this product
This is a terrific portable speaker
Two Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
It?s great
Super Loud with Great Bass!
Not great but not bad ?
Great sound
Item better than expected
Works well with my Audible books and cell phone.
Good quality.
Amazing speaker.
I really like it! Easy to pair
BASS
Great sound, very easy to use.
We like this very much
Good little speaker
Not Good With Alexa
Great sound quality small and compact
Good product
Only lasted 6 months
You're going to be glad you ordered these.
Great product
Great product for low cost
The quality of the Oontz Ultra 3 ultra is perfect
Awesome!
Five Stars
Great little speaker...no for 35 bucks
Dead already
Sadly
Worth the money.
Five Stars
Very pleased.
Loud
Believe me
This is an incredible believable product. There?s absolutely nothing else comparable to its clarity and reproduction of music.
Great sound quality.... while it lasts (which may not be long)
Best b.t speaker I have owned yet.
It has good sound....and charge lasts a long day
What Happened to the Sound?
Nice speaker
Portable and loud
It's amazing
Great speakers
Definatley worth the price $!
N/A
Great little speaker
Exchanged it for the better version
Five Stars
Good speaker
Five Stars
An ok speaker
Audio Delay.
Great Speaker
Just what I needed
Nice speaker , charging port broken
Ok
but isn't super
Great sound at a great price
Worth every dime
These little speakers have great, great volume
Sounds good, but not durable.
I love this little speaker
LOVE IT. Great sound
Good sound
i love this speakers
Best Oontz Yet!
Sounds great though.
As advertised
Works well!
not bad for size
Great Sound for the Money!
Poorly made. Not worth the money.
These things are great especially when they are paired together
Would not recommend!
Unbelievable
Impressive!
Nice small size BIG sound
Two Stars
Worth the money small but worth it
Five Stars
but I'm very happy with it
Super product
Sounds great
Five Stars
One Star
Great product!
BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK
Five Stars
I love it. Works great with my Kindle and a ...
Design
Mint !!
Love it
Recommend
Four Stars
On a budget? Not sure?
Great price great sound and great quality.
Awesome sound
Great sound
It?s definitely bigger in size than the previous model.
Four Stars
Wooow!! It has a great sound...
Very surprised how great this little speaker!
??
Awesome portable speakers
Love these speakers
This speaker is amazing, not sure what the difference is between the ...
Awesome Sound
Sounds soooo good!
So fat, superb sound.....
This is exactly as described and sounds better than expected for it's size
Best buy!
Great value
Small but has great sound. I like the design of it too
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sounds great!!
Sounds like a good deal
But this!
I like it.
Five Stars
Did some investigating beforehand so knew that it's a good product. I have however been even more impressed ...
Great battery life, possible volume issues
One Star
Sounds good
Hard to beat for the price.
It's OK
Great buy.
Awesome
Works very well
Great sound
Five Stars
Great product
Good speaker for 40$
Speaker were all distorted and blown first time I used it.
Bang for your buck.
Buy these!
Good speaker for the money
Love this. Its my 2nd one
Priceless Speaker
Holds charge well
I regret not buying two of these to set up dual stereo speakers when they were on sale
Five Stars
Unbeatable for the price!
Longtime fan of Cambridge Soundworks
No
Great sound!!
Four Stars
Great little speaker and wonderful customer service!!
Finally, lots of sound at an affordable price.
Nice unit good volume
Broken already...
Great
Outstanding
Buy this item.
Not disappointed
Five Stars
Great speaker!
Four Stars
Great sound for the price
Could be louder
Very good sound
i use it in the shower all of the time and it produces great sound and never lags or anything
It?s  ok
Good value!
Total crap.
Great sound for the price
Easy setup
Five Stars
love it
Great speaker by Ponte
Great
Screw jbl
really like it.
Excellent sound
Great Bluetooth speaker
Sounds good!
We forget to charge it
Best Bluetooth speaker for the price, bar none.
Not as good as its little sister
Dual connect is amazing
Easy setup, solid sound for its size.
Sounds great But...... the battery wont charge
Fast shipping!
One Star
Just buy it
Replacement is working great!
easy to use ,easy to pair bluetooth
Great quality
This sounds great and the range is much better when out at ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wow.
Good bang for your buck
Five Stars
Great sound. Great value.
Recommended
Five Stars
Four Stars
so good, it has a really good sound just as ...
Great Bluetooth speaker for its class
One of the best portable speakers I have listened to
Like
Easy to use.
Five Stars
Good sound for a small speaker
This speaker have a good quality, but the speaker should be upgraded
Great sound. Music comes from only one side though.
Excellent
Five Stars
Excellent sound
Loved it
Sounds great to me
Stopped working 16 weeks after receiving; no longer returnable :(
Five Stars
Great Sound
Powerful Sound, Compact, Affordable
Quality speakers !
Keep looking if you want any fidelity
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bluetooth speaker
Used it for 3 months and it won't charge anymore very disappointed
works great so far
Excellent Quality
Sounds great
Sounds great and has a long battery life.
Super good sound!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just i expected more.
Needs to be louder
Five Stars
?
I'd buy 2.
Nice
The speaker worked for 5 minutes, then began clicking ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Speaker's charging port broke after only a couple months of light use
Great Value!
Good but like the Plus better
Five Stars
Great for the price it does what I needed to do. Definitely recommend
Five Stars
Sounds great.
Cambridge Soundworks is a consumer friendly company
Five Stars
Buggy.. Buggy as heck
Excellent speaker with great sound
Terrible sound quality
Oontz vs Bose
Great speaker!
More bass, louder clearer then Angle 3
Excelente
Really love having two of these
BIG Quality sound.  Excellent Value
Love this
Five Stars
Best little speakers on the market
Jealousy comes in a lil? package
Would not recommend.
Not good quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
awsome! great price
Great speaker
GREAT PRICE
Five Stars
Three Stars
Look no further!
Good sound for size
Worth the 35$ as prime member
Sound is great, pretty loud too
Great sound, great price
Yes yes yes.
Five Stars
Great speaker for the price
Distorted sound too soon
Great little speaker, Thanks
Sound good battery long lasting
I going to buy another one.
Five Stars
Worth the cost
Good bass, crisp clear sound
Five Stars
Good sound
Base too light.
Product won't let you rank it lower than 3 stars ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
sound!
Five Stars
Great for the price
Sound that lasts
Best Deal at this Price Point.
Blue tooth speaker
Its ability to be paired with a 2nd one in stereo mode is awsome
Good speaker, but...
Sound quality is terrible over time
Serious sound from such a small thing
Good buy
Great Speaker!
Five Stars
Great sound
Great Go-To Gift!
Great quality for the money!
Beware of short ?lifespan?.
Is Ok
The price is great. They sound great too
Excellent portable speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best speaker I have bought hands down!!
Awesome sound in a small size
Great sound quality!
Getting another
Five Stars
Box plays good but one of the box has loose parts inside.
Sound is very good, fun to use and easy to handle
no bass
Worth the $$$
Disappointed
Tremendous little speaker
Love
great sound
Would definitely recommend
Five Stars
Suena bajo
Five Stars
Love it!
The version before this is better. If you turn this model up too loud
Highly suggest
Great sound, very loud.
Didn?t hold charge
Five Stars
Fantastic for the price it?s at
Great little speaker
Great Speaker
Works great ?
Great speaker.
Exceptional product
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra
GREAT SOUND!!!
Five Stars
Premium.
Five Stars
Great portable Bluetooth speaker
Very good sound, and easy to pair two of them ...
Very loud audio, bass is ehhh....
It is good sound
nice...........
Great speakers
Not bad
Sounds amazing
Great deal
Very good sound from a small package
Ok
Four Stars
Great product!
Great sound!
Sounds Awesome!
Five Stars
Very happy
Just buy it! You won't be sorry!
Still love it!
Very long battery life
Great speaker for the money
Five Stars
Good buy great sound
This is an awesome little speaker
Five Stars
Worth it.
Four Stars
Needs More Volume
Aural therapy? Yes.
Mediocre sound.
Sounds really nice
Five Stars
So far so good
Love it!
Five Stars
Amazing
Great sound, and if you have two they can pair as left and right stereo speakers.
All around great speaker!
Five Stars
great sound from tiny speakers
Four Stars
Great little speaker
This speaker is great. The sound quality is excellent for its size
Good Sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
The staff at OontZ is incredible. Customer service is outstanding
Great sound and better than expected bass
Too much bass.
Yes- you should buy this speaker
Great Bluetooth speaker all around - excellent value
Great item
bluetooth speakers and they are fantastic! Cannot recommend highly enough
Great sound
Five Stars
Small Speaker, Great Sound
Five Stars
Amazing sound and value
May be one of the better inexpensive bluetooth portable.
Five Stars
This speaker is Awesome! The Incredible sound and clarity out of something ...
Can't go wrong with this ONE!!!
Awesome Bluetooth speaker
Works perfect and has a small footprint on the bar where ...
great product.
Great sounds ?
Five Stars
Fab!
Loud and clear,  great value!
When these are paired in the stereo mode the sound is pretty amazing. I bought two of these for that ...
Bought 2. Set them up as left channel/right channel ...
Quality speaker
Great Little Speaker
I missed that this is only splash proof, not ...
Fantastic price incredible little speaker
Five Stars
Good
Great speaker
Really puts out the sound!
play good sounding loud music
Five Stars
Big punch for a little box
Five Stars
Great sound, great value
Pretty good
Four Stars
Works great and has great sound
Great buy!
Five Stars
Honestly I'm angry I spent this much money on this crappy of a product
Four Stars
Best value
Music everywhere
but we couldn't be more pleased. I'm ordering an additional one as a gift
Perfect for my wife?s use.
Buy this one
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nothing
Awesome and powerful speakers!!!
Awesome Sound ... buy two the first time, and save yourself the wait for your second speaker!
Good buy
Great price and Sound
Great look!
Great
reminds me of jambox
Cuts out a lot
Five Stars
Bought one, and decided to buy another. The ...
Sound as good as my JBL that cost 5 times as much
Great sound, little price.
Great sound
Great product
You get what you pay for
Five Stars
Perfect for music on the
Five Stars
Incredible sound for size
Five Stars
great
Good sound quality!
AWESOME
Great sound
Good and loud
it shake and vibrate cause to move back and forth ...
Battery does not hold a charge.
Sound quality drops!!!
Great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound quality, easy to use Bluetooth
AMAZING SOUND!
Highly Recommended
Quality sound and build/design.
Great while it worked
Small and powerful. Excellent price
bad bad not good.
Five Stars
Good sound!
Five Stars
Bluetooth did not work at all. It started cutting ...
Oontz is good.
Best Portable Speaker
Bought 2 and paired them together.
Love!
Crap connection
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Amazing sound, but rough in cold temps.
Excellent speaker
Boat and house
I have been a Bose girl for years but I will think about it after this little thing ? Love it!
So much bass
Nice little speaker
Five Stars
so good. Loud and clear
Great!
Very pleased...
Good product
Love it!
Big bass sound!
Best speakers I?ve used
Does the job
Five Stars
Awesome speaker, it should last longer than 10 months.
Five Stars
Sounds great and pretty loud
Great speaker for the money.
Five Stars
Great quality!
Five Stars
Careful...it will shake the table you put it on.
Weak bluetooth, bassy, not bright or loud enough
Good speaker
Fantastic Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Big sound
Battery life excellent and the sound is excellent!!
One of the best purchases i did
I bought 2 for stereo
Five Stars
and works fine for that
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ok , I guess!
Beast of a small speaker
Unbeatable performance for such A small sp!
Love it!
Can hear great
Good all around speaker
Worth it
Five Stars
Great sounding little speaker
Awesome
Five Stars
Awesome sound and quality for the price!
Bang 4 your buck
You get what you pay for.
Amazing little speaker
Great speaker
TWOS BETTER THAN ONE
excellent sound for the price
Great sound got 2 FOR Stereo
WOW!
Amazing speaker
Great!
Five Stars
A+ purchase!
Five Stars
great
Sounds great with more than enough bass for my taste
Cheap components
Some is nice clear with a deep bass
Value,
Best speaker I bought
This is an awesome speaker! I bought 2 to take with me ...
It has great sound!
Five Stars
Great sound quality
Five Stars
Great speaker...I bought 2
Great Purchase!
Two Stars
Great sound and gets really loud without distorting sound
Four Stars
Good for the price
Broken
Man like music
I love this speaker
Two Stars
Great sound. Plenty of power
This is my 2nd one. Charge port needs to be replaced every 6 montjs.
Great pic
Excellent outdoor/ portable speaker for the money
Buy it
Five Stars
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra
Great speakers.
Sounds great. Pumps a lot of volume for a small ...
Great customer service.
WHAT??
Easily connects to my phone via bluetooth and sounds great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Product became unchargable after 5 1/2 months
Five Stars
Quality seems 2 b off.
Five Stars
Great for the price
Excellent choice for the price. Sounds very good in its category.
Well worth the money.
Worth it!
Go for it
It?s better than my $120 jbl pulse speaker
Sounds great. Easy bluetooth connect
Five Stars
Easy to use and absolutely trouble free
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love this thing
Great sound and simple to use
Awesome Bluetooth Speaker
Does what a speaker should do.
Five Stars
Great looking speaker, no bass.
No longer takes a charge....
Works great !
Very good speaker
Great buy, high quality speaker
Great speaker for a out of the world price!!!
Five Stars
Great sound quality
Quality at a Value.
Two Stars
sounds good.
terrific speaker
Five Stars
N/a
Pretty good
Five Stars
well worth it!
I'm not tech-savvy, but this was simple to set ...
Sounded good for 15 seconds
One Star
Great deal!
Money
Works well in our spa
Great little speaker
Form, Function and Value.
Awesome!
Quality of sound
Great sounding little speaker and well worth the $35
Five Stars
The Best For Indoors and Outdoorrs
Worked for less than two months
Power Bass
Excellent product
Dual
It was great
Good sound
Sound is amazing!
Great price for this product.
Love it
Good idea, poor execution
Boom! Goes the little box!
its loud and I very much enjoy it. Def need to purchase another one soon
Will buy it again
Small and POWERFUL!!
Get two for better stereo sound
Wish it would have worked
Cant beat this quality for 5 times the price!
Love my speakers
Ok
Buy it!
Quality sound
Five Stars
Five Stars
It could be better
These are loud and clear crisp sound
Great Sound, Easy to Use
big sound...
Puts a beats pill to shame!
hopefully they are not refurbished items
Worth the money!
Excellent value
Nice Sounding
Great sound and good amount of bass.
Amazing Sound with incredible bass!
Five Stars
Great quality and a great price!
One Star
It perfectly
No la recomiendo, son mala
Blown speaker
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Big sound
Definitely worth the price
sound, volume, size, value
Amazing
Five Stars
pairs with another identical speaker easily for wider stereo sound
Loud, crisp, deep bass
Good material... and quality.
awesome speakers.
Little speaker. Huge sound.
Good but not very loud
Great Bluetooth speaker
Great sounding for the money
Five Stars
Impressive build quality
Meh.
Dual pairing does not work
Great speaker, even better price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Has a wireless feature , means you can connect it to another speaker at the same time
Great sound
Awesome speaker for the money!
Because they're so easy to carry around
Great sound and materials but battery don't charge after a couple months.
Really good sound quality
Well worth the money!!
Big sound in little device!
Drop the bass!
Totally useless to me now
Not loud enough
Wonderful sound
Great for the price.
Great sound from a little box.
Sufficient but not great
Very Loud!!!!:)
Must have
No sound at all
Great speaker, great support.
Great sound quality
Five Stars
A good accessory.
Worked and sounded great at first but unfortunately one speaker just isn't nearly ...
Good sound.
Wow! Just wow!
This speaker is a fantastic! The sound for such a small speaker is ...
Great value
Great Speaker
Best sound for the price
great value for the price
I am totally pleased with this product
Five Stars
Very happy with the speaker
Great
Five Stars
but when I put it on my table and turned it on for the first time it trembled and has a nice low bass
Great sound.
Un gran producto
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra
Great sound - compact design!
Great!
Five Stars
Happy with sound
This is a great speaker. Very smooth. I bought a second one to try out the paired stereo option. Works really good.
Very good sound. Music with strong bass will move it
Great speaker with base!
Best speaker
Great Deal
Great speaker for its size and cost.
Three Stars
Very good sound. Great for the money
Works as advertised.
The it's really nice
Very pleased with the sound.
Good considering the price.
Seriously surprised by the sound
Would recommend to all my
Worked great for a month
Bargain buy, good sound quality
Better than I expected
Awesome speaker. Had to return the first one as ...
Great bass
Five Stars
Great little speaker
These really are awesome, especially on sale
Almost new.  Stopped working.
Quality greatly exceeds expectations for cost.
Not the greatest sound quality
Great speaker for the price
Great sounds
Five Stars
Good speaker, good value
Charging port doesnt hold plug and battery life is terrible
Five Stars
Great Sound!
Very good buy
Two ?? !
Love It!
EDIT : This is for a 3rd  because I bought a 3rd one
Good sound
Love the pair ability
Best bang for your buck
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Mini speaker with good quality
Thumbs up
Good sound
A+
Sound
Great speaker
Great for the tale gate!
Great budget speaker
GOOD PRODUCT AND GREAT SOUND
Suena bien
Very nice sound and track control for relatively inexpensive price
Bass control
Five Stars
Five Stars
Too much bass.
Must have got a lemon
One Star
Very good speaker for the money.
This will be my first review on amazon because I ...
Nice!!!
Five Stars
Quality
Great sound
I feel like he is having a concert from the other side ...
The sound
Excellent for the price.  Pair them in stereo and prepare to be pleasantly surprised.
I already wrote one and it was a good one, it went away and i'my not doing ...
Voice or music anywhere.
i like it.
Best home speaker for smartphone
LOUD love itttttttt last for hourssssssss
Five Stars
Must buy
Died after 4 months
Used product
Great speaker
Highly recommend
Amazing!
Great sound & price
Nice speaker!
Great sound for a small equipment
great customer assistance
Good
Great item!!
Good sound for price. Loud, would like more bass
Good quality
Four Stars
Music while I work
Don?t get it
30 day warranty and built to last 31.  Junk.
You won?t regret this purchase
Pleasantly Surprised
Long battery life. Buy two and pair then together, true stereo.
Doesn?t hold a charge after 3 months
Glad that I read the reviews on it
Great bargain
Battery last a long time
Small but packs a punch!
Excellent for the price
Best speaker ive found yet
One Star
Louder it dies But great quality sound it?s worth it
Awesome speaker at a great price!
Great sound
Big sound from a little speaker
The range Sucks.
great speakers
Se escucha bien
Great sound
Four Stars
Very cool portable for the low $
Amazing sound!
Great speaker
WOW!!!
Excellent quality
28 days active use without charging!
Love this speaker...
Stopped working after two uses.
Cheap for a reason
Five Stars
Worth every penny
Not bad quality but the speakers don't get too loud at ...
Great
Mi Bluetooth perfecto
Great bargain for good low cost speaker
Great product
I think this is the best speaker at this price
No complaints
Five Stars
Great speaker
Price
Awesome with great value
Five Stars
Amaaaaaazingggg
Five Stars
Set up was easy and everything works as advertised
it works realy good
Good product
Worked great but...
Simple and easy to use.
Great sound
Five Stars
Great sound for such a small
Five Stars
I use it every day
Great quality
Five Stars
Can not hold a battery charge
Broke after 3 months
Worth every penny
Great speaker
Big sound from a small speaker for a small price
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bad battery port
Don't buy!
Great quality!
Great for the shower and extended range for bluetooth
Great for price!!! Long lasting too
They do a wonderful job with surround sound when synced together
Great sounding speakers within reason -- Bluetooth streaming isn't perfect
If you don't want to drop the cash on a Bose, this speaker is the next best thing.
Works great, has a kickin base
Great speaker
Good speaker
THIS IS THE BEST AT THIS PRICE
Wonderful sound
Not wroth it dont buy
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Very nice purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound.
This is the best speaker of all time
Nice product for the price
Perfect
Failed quickly
One Star
Five Stars
Worked great, for a short time
Loudness and clairity
Good on range and sound!!!
Worth it!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound for the money.
Five Stars
Great sound
Stops Charging
It's worth it to buy this portable bluetooth speaker.
Good value-cost ratio
Quality - good
Good base and tone for the price.
Bass, Sound, Volume, Amazing!
Good sound for price
Great little speaker
Quality sound.
Awesome sound. This is the best little speaker I ...
Perfect!
Awesome
Good product
Gotta say this was a smart buy. Speaker works great and no problem
Great except lowest volume is still too loud
Four Stars
Useless
Excellent speaker for the money
I didn't receive the USB cable
Awesome, awesomeness
Buy for music and Videos
Charging port broke
Five Stars
good speaker
Five Stars
No charge cable
Good battery life and good for casual use.
Excellent product
Five Stars
Sounds great. Thought it had more power
Five Stars
Good for the price.
Da OOntz'
Charging port broke
Five Stars
Wow
Great speaker
Stop looking. You found the best.
Five Stars
Very Dissapointed
Parlante
Great speakers
bass is also pretty solid and good range i can leave speaker upstairs ...
Although it is nicely built the and it has a ton of bass
Very nice! Easy to set up and having the ability ...
Its really worth the price.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The price matches the quality.
Blew speakers
Sound of music
One Star
I have listened to quite a few Bluetooth Speakers. ...
Very good speakers
Best value in compact Bluetooth speakers
Poor sound
Great speaker but..
Five Stars
WOW!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Produces great sound!
Great price and a great product
Quality and durability clean sound
The bass is really nice, and the device is sturdy
Great sound
Five Stars
This unit is the best portable sound system i ever had
Five Stars
Worth it!!!
Good product
Buy this one over all the other options!
Blown speaker in 4 months
Great Sound
Five Stars
A great deal
but a good value for the money
Good speaker
Five Stars
Great blue tooth speaker
This is the best bang for your buck in this tier
Good quality and price
please read me.
Poweful
Says the output is awesome!!
Reliable, loud, and compact.
Defective
Five Stars
Sound and battery life excellent
Works great!
Speaker is trash dont buy it
Amazing sound!!
Great sound.
Five Stars
Has wonderful sound!
Five Stars
Awesome
Five Stars
Better than expected
Great for size
Like
Sounds great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great speaker and customer service!
Perfect
Great sound for a small speaker
Three Stars
battery life
Sounds good
The best price for a great speaker.
Love it...
Great speaker
Five Stars
Great quality
No continious playing
I love this Speaker
I love this mini boom box
Angle 3 plus was better
Five Stars
Good
Nice
Five Stars
What a waste
A real Value for money deal!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Bass system low quality
I think the reviews make this product look better than what it is
Definitely recommend
Awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
???? Don't even question it, just buy it!!
love
Excellent product
I love it for watching movies
Four Stars
Five Stars
Surprised by it
Lasted 4 months
Good quality
Five Stars
they work great individually or as a stereo set
Good product
Excelente
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Great speaker! Plays as loud as i would need ...
Long lasting battery
totally disappointed on quality of product
?
Five Stars
Will send back.  Bought  one few weeks ago, fine,but.... fone
Love this thing lol
Blown speaker on 2 they sent me
Beautiful sounds
Easy to connect 2 Speakers to one device.
Five Stars
I recommend it without hesitation
Small size, great sound
Daughter loved it
Cambridge Sound works
Five Stars
Love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quality Sound in a Small Size
Very Happy!
Listen softly
Price and performance
Great Sound
Five Stars
Great for use in any room of house or outside.
Love it.. Great buy
These are awesome! Very loud and clear sound
wonderful the sound is incredible I would certainly purchase again
Five Stars
Big bass!
But this!
Five Stars
Five Stars
and it did not disappoint!
Sounds good. Impressive sound
Perfect for a family room
MUST BUY!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good quality
Good sound. Well made.
Great Value
Deserves 6 stars
Excellent Sound
Good Buy
sounds great, easy to set up blue tooth
Five Stars
Four Stars
great battery life
The best value portable speaker on the market
So far so good.
Great sound - great price
Easy set up
Four Stars
The Oontz Rocks!
Why not!
Wow
Nice product
Great price
ONLY SPLASHPROOF NOT WATERPROOF
Five Stars
It was a great buy
Worked well for a couple of hours and then broke.
Sounds great
This little speaker is great!
Excellent
U
Excellent product
A great bargain!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Impressive !!!
For the curious
WE WON !!!
Extremely Satisfied
What I expected
Five Stars
......
Sonido
I use this at work and it?s amazing
No esta nada mal
Five Stars
Great speaker/mine had a manufacture defect had to return ?
Sounds great and lasts long on the battery
Loud little speaker ??
Awesome Producr!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
No sirve
Five Stars
Awsome
It works .
Five Stars
One Star
Sound
Don't buy it. Good for two month.
Four Stars
Not as expected
Sound quality.
Very good sound.
Good deal
????
Five Stars
please kindly send me a new cord please
Would purchase again
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommend
I am really happy having this little monster as my audio companion
Awesome
Five Stars
Amazing sound for price!
Great sound and clarity
Awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product
Good
Sound is great!
Five Stars
So easy to use
Five Stars
Sounds great
Two Stars
Really Impressed! great work by  Cambridge Soundworks!
The sound of the bass. The m?ximum level of ...
Just ok
Quality Sound. = 0
Excelente calidad
Very good and nice sound
Good
Five Stars
Awesome
I recommend this purchase, very impressive
Value for money
Nice product
One awesome speaker!!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
this speaker offers great room-filling sound
Five Stars
an excellent speaker
Two Stars
They worked as advertised.
Five Stars
Use bluetooth
Great Sound Quality but BT Not Good!
Good speaker
Five Stars
Long battery life. Love that you can paid then
Oontz Angle 3 Ultra. Take 2
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great When It Works but Beware of Duds
Failed after short period of time.
Five Stars
Great sound but an obvious delay...
Amazing sound.
Speaker conked out after two minutes!
No complaints
Easy set up
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound quality and bass!
Love. This
It sounds great. I alternate between using it as a bluetooth ...
Five Stars
Please read before making a purchase!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works Great
Amazing!!!
great sound
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly Recommended!
Five Stars
First was defective
WOW! Awesome does come in a small package.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Nice tiny powerful speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This one is the best hands down
NOT AS GOOD AS ANGLE 3 PLUS THIS SPEAKER HAS TO MUCH ...
Five Stars
Great product.
Great speakers
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worked for only a few hours
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ordered 2. 1 is muffled, other is the wrong product.
A not to expensive great quality speaker
Five Stars
This speaker is AMAZING
Great speaker!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Buyer Beware!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
HEY CAMBRIDGE WORKS
I love these speakers!!! Beautiful stereo sound
Poor quality control, worse customer service
Five Stars
It?s just a great little speaker,use it on my tv and my personal CD player and my iPad,works great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hunk O? Junk!
Great Sound, Great value
expected better. Does not handle higher volumes as JBL does
As I live and drive in DTLA having good tunes when you?re in traffic is great
Great value. Awesome when paired. Not suitable for video.
Not good If you are planning to use this for movies/video
Speaker is fantastic, but Oontz support is really what made this ...
It connects just fine to my iPhone X via Bluetooth however
They don?t sound great...meh
Loud Enough. Great Sound/Sound Purchase!
Great speaker
Got a defective one.
... latest firmware update but the sound quality still isn't good at higher volume
HANDS DOWN THE BEST PORTABLE SPEAKER FOR THE PRICE?
dull sounds, it?s noticeably larger and doesn?t come w ...
Disappointed
The kitty that roared!
Awesome speaker while it still works!!
The speaker does not sync with video from projector. ...
Bought this speaker and it worked great!. For 2 weeks
Worked great for one day and then totally crapped out
Go with the Angle 3 Plus instead. I own both and the 3 Plus sounds absolutely amazing!!
2 day lemon
Dont waste your money
All in all, a spectacular product that could fetch three times the asking price.
Unsolved Mystery of The Dead Speaker
Will not purchase again.
One Star
Sounds distorted
... sound on this speaker when you play video is terrible, they offer firmware update online
I want to give it 5 stars but can't. Read why.
Next....
Great Speaker
Great sounding small speaker
Not worth the extra $15.00 Stick with the regular one
Ordered this item to take on a trip with me ...
Would still love it if I could use it...
The sound is good but it doesn't hook up to my Iphone without ...
Broke with 4 ft drop.
Way pay more? This speaker is an amazing value.
Near perfection..
Great Speakers for the money........
Low to moderate volumes but not for loud use.
just a big disappointment compared to the Flip
You will be pleasantly surprised.
Speaker makes cracking noise
Mids and highs are great - there is just not much bass
It's fine, nothing impressive.
Wins in everything  but its IPX5 rating
Absolutely love this speaker based on other user reviews
Don?t waste your money
Thin, tinny, metallic sound, poor bass.
99 is waaaaaaay better sound and bass
Great!
Don't buy if you want Bass
Very bad product! I do not spend the month and ...
Great speaker
Four Stars
great sound
some well over the $200 range and this is by far the best "Bang" for the money
Heavy duty, keep away from water
This is a piece of garbage!
It's a good speaker think
? love it !
Best portable speaker for under $100
You?ll be happy with this speaker
Four Stars
Great sound at decent price
Sounds great, but can you live with the video and audio out of sync?
Smaller Than Expected Do To The Photoshopped PIctures Used, Small but Ok For The Size
Not as loud as I expected
Great little speakers
One Star
superb
Good for one month use only
Great bass!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound.
Waste of money
Three Stars
Good sound for the price?
Five Stars
Meh
Five Stars
This speaker is amazing. Have the children leave the room if you ...
Five Stars
not deliver on the guarantee same day delivery service
Junk
Love em
This Bluetooth was given to my daughter as a Xmas ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
good cables, but i dont like this brand without ...
One Star
NOT for use with Amazon Echo
Value For The Dollar
1st speaker was used and defective, AND SO WAS ITS REPLACEMENT!
Great speaker
Great sound!
Five Stars
I like the size the feel and the sound almost as ...
Sound quality is excellent when you are plugged in via aux cable
I bought this for my daughter and she loves so ...
Four Stars
Sound quality
Four Stars
Don't recommend
Seems to be working fine. Better sound than the Sony I purchased from ...
Easy to pair with my tablet and the sound is excellent
One Star
Four Stars
Four Stars
It's nice because I can listen to music at my desk ...
What a terrible product.
Five Stars
Speaker on your phone sounds similar
Disappointing, tinny, not rich sound
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound
Oontz angle 3 Ultra VS Plus
Their ok. I have not linked the two of them together yet! Just used one at a time! May update review.
Overhyped!! - Subpar sound quality - probably good for kids
This is a fabulous speaker!! When I was ...
MEH
Oontz angle 3 ultra..now awesome!!!
This thing sounds absolutely horrible. I don't get how people rate these so ...
Hers sounds good. Mine has a scrachy noie at all volumes
Good For The Price
People saying it has good bass must never have heard a bluetooth speaker with ...
BLAH!
I payed 49. 00 for it yesterday and today ...
Don't buy it
I was pretty underwhelmed by the Oontz 3 Ultra
This is a good  Company Great people
Not recommended..
Terrible speaker
It's not bad I guess
Worked fine for a while but now no sound comes out
Truly disappointed with the way that it was allowed to leave ...
Kind off
One Star
Impressive sound. Really!
Best Amazon Purchase Ever? Almost...
Lots better dual paired, and here's how if you have trouble pairing
Cambridge (as in Massachusettes)
Great sound, very durable
Very happy with this speaker and the manufacturer
Loved it when it would work
True Hi Fidelity Sound in a Lightweight, Small Package!
This Could Be The Best Bluetooth Speaker
Great for music. Poor speakerphone function.
Lasted about 1 year.
Great Speaker, Charging Port stopped working after a year.
Doesn't pair with 2nd speaker
Speaker Blown in Two - Poor Quality
Defective
Affordable, great sound, and outstanding customer service!
Is it possible to have to much bass? (No!)
Rattles but seems solid.
Best Bluetooth speaker I've seen.
Honestly sooo good for the price
Almost perfect , would still recommend
I thought the sound that came from this small speaker was awesome and lived up to all the good reviews that ...
Incredible Battery Life
Now that you have a fairly good idea how sturdy this is (and how hard I ...
Not durable at all
Great product, great company
The speaker had awesome sound for being so small and for the price
Great sound quality and battery life, but with one flaw
***BROKE AFTER 3 MONTH OF MINIMAL USE***
Find another speaker
Charging Port Jack Junk
Don?t buy!
Beware..
Cambridge Soundworks = Chinese junk
Not worth buying, needs more work.
Oontz rocks!!
One does well, two does not.
Good sounding little speaker. Loud for its size
Amazing quality better than the plus
Great Bass
False advertising: it is IPX-5, not an IPX-6
Faulty connector to charge in the unit
Takes forever to Bluetooth connect
Poor Quality.
Great speaker. 2 can be paired together which is ...
Packs a serious punch and easy to set-up
Looking for that small portable speaker that actually sounds good whether you have the latest phone or older (like ...
Good for limited indoor use. Limited ability to produce rich sound.
Perfect speaker
You won't get a better speaker than this for forty bucks
Great sound from small speaker
Charging port is absolute garbage
FANTASTIC SOUND
Bass not bad, but not great
Easy to pair with Echo.
Get the 3 Ultra model, the extra wattage counts!
No good if you like quality sound. Highly resonant.
Totally worth the buy
You get what you pay for
Great sound for such a small speaker!
Loud and clear!
Poor sound quality at low volume levels
Worth of purchasing this portable speaker
Great As A Gift
Great speaker for the money. Small. Reliable. Long battery life.
Sounds Goood!
Good for a few months then it takes a dump
Great Speaker!
I'm now deaf.... ?
He brought them to my granddaughters birthday party and they do put out some good sounds. Good buy
Sound quality DECREASED
When working, it's great.
GREAT SOUND for such a light and inexpensive  gizmo
Absolutely amazing!
at some sort of strap with this so you can fit it onto something - would add some good value.
Not what I was hoping for.
Great little speaker
Good product great service!
Don?t waste your money!
Not bad
Sound could be a little richer.
Worth Every Penny!
Good size, not loud enough
Amazing sound for size and price.
Erratic and low volume
Small but Mighty
I love this product
the audio input female core, was loose, defective ...
Impressive Sound.  Great Price
Sounds great!
It was nice when it worked
Great!
Great quality with an affordable price tag
Great product
Five Stars
Save your money for other speaker.
I really like Bose and JBL
Five Stars
Nice little speaker
Love it!!
Just use your cell phone speaker
Did Not Last Long
The sound lowers on its own sometimes
A Great Speaker for the Price
Best speaker!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Buy for the price range.
Great sound!
Two Stars
Great sound bad input
Great product
It?s a yes !
All is great
Four Stars
Even better than the Angle 3
Small size, big sound
This is such a great product! I love it
It broke!
Do yourself a favor and buy it!
3
Not much bass
Great product, great company!
Nice bluetooth speaker.
Great speaker
I absolutely love this Bluetooth Speaker
Amazing sound quality
Love this speaker - the quality is great
Love how small it is & easy it is to ...
Awesome tech support.
Five Stars
Stopped charging
Awesome little speaker for the price
Five Stars
Best speaker money can buy
Awesome !
Amazing
Four Stars
It's a great speaker!
One Star
Garbage
great little speaker
Got it for $28 and tried it out. It ...
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Aviod
but unfortunately the sound quality sucks. It keeps disconnecting from my phone
One Star
One Star
One Star
I should have took heed to the reviews. It ...
Great Value and Product Quality in a Fine-Sounding Bluetooth Speaker
Amazing sound quality, awesome battery life!
Probably the best BT speaker of this size.  Just buy this.
Get One!
Powerhouse
Wow, it's that good... stop reading an order it already
Audio sync is lackluster
Excellent Buy, this is the
Suprisengly excellent load Volume and superb Sound Quality
LOVE these!!
Great bluetooth speaker
Was so impressed I bought another
Stopped working after two weeks
Awesome! Replaced other two - now if it only had a remote
I now have 2 pairs of these fabulous little speakers
Four Stars
OMG its so good
Quality sound and flawless connectivity
Awesome sound
Super sound!
Terrific bluetooth speaker!
Its nice
Compact - great sound
Glorified BT Speaker
Nice
Better than you think.
Absolutely Not.
Love this speaker!  It rocks!!!!!  You will not be disappointed.
Works well for music or books but not video
Great Little Quality Powerhouse of a Speaker!
Just awesome for the price
Amazing quality for the price! Better than big names
this thing is amazing. smaller than i thoght
Amazing Speaker (Only 2 ?problems?)
Love this
Portable Audio
Great little speaker with microphone
Solid Christmas Gift
Good Sound and Decent Battery Life
Decent speaker... good quality...
Sound quality is good otherwise.
Best on the market at this price point and the ...
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! You will NOT be disappointed.
Good quality, great Bluetooth range
Exelent!
Can't beat it
Good buy
Absolutely EXCELLENT !
The best quality portable speakers that I ever had
Plenty of sound quality
Good value. Good sound.
Better feature
Fantastic sound quality
Pr?ctica
Great price, sound and quality.
OontZ Angle 3 Ultra : Portable Bluetooth Speaker
Highly recommend
Very good sound, but once turned off it will not ...
It sticks to stuff gosh darnit
Good music quality very sturdy
Nice soeaker
Good buy
Item arrived on time and exactly as described.
Louder than i thought!
Pretty Good Speaker, Almost Like Bose!
Great sound considering the size.  Solid apparent quality
Good sound and easy to connect.
Super loud and good in places where you work with water!
as advertised
Sounds Great for it's little size
Five Stars
Buen parlante bluetooth, exelente en Jack 3.5
Music
Nice
Good
Four Stars
Very good seller
Excelent Speaker. Sound Loud and Great, Strong Basses
Great Bluetooth Speaker for the Money!
Great speaker.
Outstanding Quality and Affordable
Wow
As expected
Five Stars
Item as described
Awesome. Sound quality
Works good
Five Stars
Good speaker happy with the price
These are a must have for wireless speakers on for a great price.
Five Stars
Stands alone and works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good for the price
Not much bass
Best bluetooth speaker
Five Stars
Great gift
Great sound
Five Stars
Awesome! Great sound
Five Stars
So far so good, although I have found that sometimes it with ...
The best speaker you can get
Five Stars
Great Quality.
I had this for a few weeks now and all ...
Four Stars
??
Bluetooth lag. Your videos/games sound will be far out of sync.
Five Stars
Clarity is really nice and  it has moderate bass
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing product
Good looking
Amazing
Good product
Great product
Five Stars
absolutely best speaker for this price
AWESOME!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best Budget Speakers
enhancement to echo dot
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's best if you don't already owned a PLUS.
Perfect portable speaker
Has great sound quality
higher values at very lower price
One Star
Buy two
The sound is awesome for such a small speaker
Great sound quality
Highly recommend
Excellent speaker!!  Small package - Big sound
Great Sound
?
The advertised 'RICH FULL BASS' is just fiction ...
Excellent product.
Not expensive , but good quality
Better than expected
The charge port is faulty
Worked great, until it didn't.
Good quality product
Sounds amazing.
Good buy
Works great
Incredible
Charging port defective/fragile.  No USB C.  Useless warranty (90 days)  charged only once.  junk.
Nice sounding small speaker.
Great
Was my speaker broken or is the sound that bad?
Nice
Excellent
Battery lasts a very long time at reasonable levels.
Used it for 4 months a couple times a week. Dead. Will NOT take a charge. Super disappointed
Perfect small Bluetooth speaker
Wow
Disappointed...Only lasted about 25 days
Portable
Powerful
Sounds great until it doesn't.
Got two and Couldn?t pair them
Sounds great
Good Product
Charging port horrible
Looks the part but didn?t perform.
Nice little speaker
Great little speaker
Sounds decent
Awesome sound!
Charging slot broken
Great little speaker
Stopped charging
The bass sucks and so does the battery tbh
great and loud
Great speaker for the size
Great Value Bluetooth Speaker
This was a real find!
My TV Sound Bar
Louder then other Bluetooth speakers
Charging port breaks easily
Battery life
Excellent!
Great bluetooth speaker for daily use
Good product, good customer service!!
Perfect Bluetooth  speaker!
Excellent sound
Sounds great
Buy it you won't be sorry!
Sounds Great!
Awesome
Great little speaker!
Best speakers you'll find in this price range
Amazing!!!
Great bass
Awesome Speaker
We love these speakers
Won?t do stereo
Love it . Need another one to have (2)
Amazing sound , great gift !
Very good sound quality
Great sound
Doesn't last long
Built solid
Sound Quality
Good quality and works great
Great Sound!!!!
My favorite bluetooth speaker
Powerful small size speaker
Excellent sound
Great sound and portable
Sound
Great Speaker for the $$
Great speaker!
Good quality
Good buy
Short lived - but replaced
Must have
Not the best
Excellent
Awesome
Love it!
Great!
This Speaker Rocks
Works great
Excellent ..Will buy again
Wish I could rate it higher.
Wow
Mediocre After a While
?
Works Great and has awesome sound
Good.
Good products
Great Sound
Gift
Great sound, hard to charge due the slip in the charging port
It works great.
Amazing Quality Bluetooth Speakers
Odd Device
Yes, you need this upgrade
Love the bigger screen, but not the change to Alexa voice volume control (Edited 10/19/18 - voice issue fixed!)
An Inccemental Improvement Over The First Generation - 7 Things You Should Know - Updated Review
Home Screen ANNOYING x 1000
Can't see the time from a few feet away....
Very glad I waited for the 2nd generation
An improvement, but not without some quirks.
Stop senseless updates.  I lose more than I gain on most of them.
Sound is impressive, that's about it
WARNING - (STILL) DO NOT BUY!!! (update 2)
Rethink this purchase...
About as much functionality as an Echo Dot with a Screen...
Save your money
So much potential... but completely uncustomizable.
Amazon added 3 huge Features
The good and the bad (but not that bad).
Don't buy this for an elderly person unless they have a cellphone
Dont bother buying
I nice-to-have item, but it needs more work
Rear speakers are a miss
Need clock face support for across the room readability
Alexa is living in a box - mixed bag for upgraders
I don?t want to return it but I
Definite improvement, some software issues on release
The Echo Show 2nd Generation Is Amazing
Nice product, but the interface isn't there quite yet.
What it does it does well, but it?s limited in what it can do
Faulty Video on Echo 2nd Gen black and white with lines during calls.
Mouth-watering recipes in brilliant color and relaxing videos and sound to soothe the soul too!
Not worth the upgrade
Not worth it
So far we love the echo shows
Fine, not great
UPDATED:  Great upgrade to v1 but with caveats about how to set brightness settings for bedside use.
Surprisingly good!
Requires a smart phone to setup video messaging
Cannot turn off "Try" notifications on home screen
Loyal customer enraged by product the doesn?t work (hyperbolic but true)
Love the New Look
Great but very disappointed
NEED A SMART PHONE TO HOOK UP CONTACTS Amazon please address this
Quirks make it an insufficient sous chef and kitchen TV
Awesome Smart Display
Presumptive and somewhat Infuriating device
I love them!
Amazing.
A Great Upgrade From the 1st Gen Echo Show
OH my GOSH!!
Useless device....
PRETTY FANTASTIC DEVICE LOVE IT!!
very irritating and very much a problem
Hey Get a new echo and watch it stay on the ECHO screen
Waste of money !!!
Home screen not customizable. YouTube is unusable.
Smart Phone REQUIRED for Grand Pa
Pretty Good Product
Completely Incompetent for Anything But The Most Basic Inquiries
The user account situation is completely broken
*UPDATED* Great sound and great for those with elderly parents or distant relatives
Nice upgrade but Bluetooth connection sucks
Waste of money
Could?ve been a great product
Sound is great but that's about it
Impressive device; an important link to your automated household
Great speaker, great smart display.
Fantastic Successor to the First Generation Show
Great display, great sound quality, pretty mediocre software / features
Wonderful Update to Prior Model
Meh...
Two steps forward and one step back...
Nice smart display with some bugs to shake out
Great Concept Needs Software Update
Worth the Upgrade from 1st Gen
A big improvment in every way
Built in hub
No skype or other video calling?
Issues issues issues
Excellent upgrade.
Nice but with exceptions.
No American Support
Glad I got it on sale, I'm disappointed.
Waiting for updates
It's alright
What are you really going to use this for?
Terrible!!!
Not nearly as useful after Amazon hobbled Amazon Music
Mixed review. Kind of Underwhelming
Out of the box I am not impressed. Usability is subpar, many skills are gimmicks
Not what I expected
disappointed - had hoped to play hulu on echo show and it does - perfectly!
Good with even better potential...
This new Alexa Show 2.0 DOES NOT have all the features the old one does...
Almost perfect
Does Not Show Caller ID or Caller name on the Screen
Could be so much better
Mediocre echo device for what I wanted
everyone loves it
Lack of ability to play Youtube videos is terrible, Ring integration is weak, voice pickup not good
Obnoxious, Infuriating, Antiquated
Doesn't play well with Pandora. I have had to do numerous factory resets!
Wasted Potential
No bad but it is missing some features.
Find myself constantly telling Alexa how dumb she is.
We caved. First Alexa specific product. Love it!
We love the 2nd Generatiion Echo Show.
One drawback keeps this from being a 5 star device.
Skill Set LACKING
Fantastic device with quality control flaws
Nice upgrade to original version
Amazing sound - BUT - Lacks basic touchscreen support and software functionality.
Lacks good support for video streaming
Great sound
Worthy upgrade from Version 1
Not yet ready.
The potential for greatness is there.
A fun way to experience what Alexa can offer.
The Future Is Upon Us
Great sound, useful for the home
Streaming video calls surprisingly mediocre
So far I like the little echo spot better
Amazon Finds the promised Land
It's just ok
"Sorry, I'm not sure about that" get used to hearing that.
I don't get it - it's a beautiful brick.
Ring and Show are out in space
Pretty Good so Far
Love it...but
Echo show 2
Serious defect in Show 1st Generation audio
Best Echo Device I Have
It's ok, It's good mostly, but it should do more, and it drives me crazy
Great upgrade and worth the price
Hasn't worked right since we opened it (Christmas Gift)
Waited for the 2nd Gen
Media Player, Security center, and Timer/Alarm in 1 small package
Not an ideal kitchen tool
Awful device, pure frustration
Not that useful
Love the screen size and sound!
Frustrating Interface
Definitely buying a 2nd Echo Show 2 in the near future!
Simple and Awesome
Setup not done on App
Still needs some work, but good
A quick review
Quilty product, sturdily-made
Screen Brightness Not Good
Great but can?t use multiple devices with spotify
Great device, until it falls off its rocker
NOT WORTH THE MONEY
This is true love! It?s not urban legend it really does exist and I found it!
Well...
Easiest of Echo Devices
Something is missing for the price
I love the new Echo Show!
NOT IMPRESSED
Mixed Review - 2 and 1/2 Stars
Best Echo Show thus far!
Minimal instructions! Figure it out for yourself by trial and error.
Amazon fixed the photo rotation problem
Great Improvement!
Too Slow To Play Some Streaming Movies
Pleased with Purchase
Echo Show and Ring - Home Automation at it's best. Perfect for elderly parents.
I Got It, Amazon: Echo Has a Ton of Skills to Try
Poor picture  quality , not a full HD
It's great as long as it's working properly
May revise my rating to higher as time goes on
Much better
Echo Show 2nd Generation, 50 year old womans perspective
A great start but not perfect
Nice Product... Except for Annoying Alexa Hints
Quality build lacking responsiveness and some obvious skills
Privacy issue
Not all that, Yet
LOVE THIS NEW VERSION
Loved the multiple timers you could set while cooking. But not the glitches
Nice large screen, too much base
Handy & Easy to Use...BUT No Battery
Newest edition is Awesome
ALMOST Perfect
Needs more integrations, cant pair it to another bluetooth device (i.e. speakers)
Great device, but background pictures continue to freeze or not cycle
Very Boring Visually
I use it every day
Video screen times out! Other issues.
Way over priced!
Good hardware, horrible software
Dont get this unless you want an Alexa with pictures..
Poor photo management.
Limited usefulness;  won't surf web
Lack of setup help is a hinderance
FANTASTIC!
Good, but not as advertised
Awesome but lacking!
A worthy generational evolution
So many uses...
"Try" suggestions at bottom of screen still too small
The screen time out issue
Handy for multiple uses
Bought for the kitchen
NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY. Limitations abound.
Handy gadget
Echo Show is My Choice
Continual Hounded by the "Things to Try" and It Can't Be Turned Off
BIGGER PICTURE/BETTER SOUND
2nd 2nd Gen Show with Camera Failure
Better than the 1st Gen
Pretty easy to use
I?M BLOWN AWAY!
A Welcome Addition to the Family!
This thing is great!
Excellent Product!
Love it .... but ......
Just like being married
Overall summary, everything is a little better and more interesting with video.
Big screen. Great sound.
Alexa finally works, don?t put it on an extended network
No user manual
The best Echo device available!
WOW. so much bigger and brighter!!
Needs internal battery for portability
This device should be called "Things to try".
Sounds Great
ANOTHER FRAUD FROM AMAZON
Surprised by how much we like this
Check in on the family
Need to have YouTube and few others things
Nice Body, Bad Personality
Extremely buggy; no channel for reporting bugs/feedback
I like the visual...
We're having so much fun
Echo Show (2nd Gen)
This is a amazing hub it?s a excellent addition to our home
Awesome New Echo Show
Better Than 1st. Gen
Frequency of signal hurts dogs ears - please provide a remedy Amazon
WE LOVE THIS DEVICE
Great Video Option for a Senior Who is Not Tech Savvy
Dynamic sound, modern appearance, fast response times
New version is a major upgrade
Best Echo Show Yet
Nice Clear Screen, Improved Sound
Incredible sound!
Good upgrade from the Show 1st Gen
Audio great, screen is constant irritation!
Taking 2 stars off... extremely disappointed.
Mixed feelings.
So far, so good
Not ready for Prime time
Good purchase for the price but has room for improvement
Impressive
Soooooooo frustrating
Echo products just keep getting better--The Show is the example
Expensive for a low resolution screen
junk (update not junk)
Fairly good for music...
Excellent Product ... No Major Problems
Great Idea - Poor support & Device Issue
Wonderful
Dead on arrival
Works well and is fun
Couldn't Love it More!
Get rid of the "Try.." line
Stay away!
Better than all the other Echos combined
We love the easy instant access to weather, music, recipes, and abundance of skills
Reality has set in
Why? Turning off things to try!! Are not allowed to remove it?
Great product with a few limitations
Really disappointing! (updated with new information)
Won't play YouTube Videos 2nd Update
This is what the first generation device should have been!
Bang for your buck!
Great product with some qualifications
Alexa, where's my Phone?
Decent quality but has some problems..
More useful than we imagined.
Love!
It's an Echo...with show!
This still needs major updates
Disappointing... Why have a video screen when you can't really watch videos?
Great Device!
Love Alexa
Not user friendly.
Fantastic Second Attempt:  Still needs work
Horrible slideshow capabilities!!
Before you rock out adjust the bass settings down a bit.
Love the whole Echo line. GREAT for the VISUALLY IMPAIRED or INVALID
Alexa needs lots of improvement.
just lovin my echo show
Very Disappointed
Easy Setup, Excellent Sight and Sound
Misleading re: Direct Hue control
Newest update to Ring Doorbell and Echo Show, I can now answer my front door by voice..
So much better
Overall a good product
great entertainment in a small package! My Show!
Rotating stand  for echo 2nd Gen.
I like it
Hate It!
Screen size and Sound a definite improvement.
Speakers are MUCH MUCH better in the 2nd Gen Show
Hearing and response to voice is worse than 1st gen, what happened Amazon???
An Incremental Improvement over the last model
Nest video doorbell and Echo Show lack compatibility features.
WOW!  Just amazing
Need more touch screen intefaction
Understand what this is
Best Echo Device Yet
Great screen and sound, love how it will control other devices without a hub!
Not worth the money if ur purchasing it for video calls
Nothing works, literally nothing works.
Sound....WOW!!
Big upgrade from first gen model
Pretty useful but I never use it for all It's features
Now Its A Cool Item
good sound quality and easy to use
disappointing and annoying
Does not do what it says!
Work with many brands of smart devices
Great as a hub, but have to reset it every single day. Ugh!
Don't get to watch stuff with recast
Amazing if you're Lucky
Love the larger screen on 2nd Gen Echo Show
Lacking features that Generation 1 has
Amazing sound!
Pretty freaky!!!
Alexa Show
Does not work with Hulu or Ring like described.
So far I love it.
Great Product
Disappointed,  really wanted to love it.
Love it!
Happy with my purchase.
So much potential
Great Product for the Kitchen
Alexa is fun. Sound is great. Surprisingly useful.
So much slower than the 1st generation Echo Show
Could be so much more than what it is...
EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS
Very glitchy unit
A worthwhile upgrade.
Better than previous generation
Great device, odd viewing angle...
Great purchase!!
Home screen goes blank after a few minutes
Doesn't allow for us to show photos
Frustrating
Sugar's Echo!
Great for Kitchen
Its smarter then you think ...
In this cold weather it's nice to just ask her the temp. here rather than go out side and look.
Easy to set up. It fully meets my expectations.
So many options with the show, I?m a tech nerd and I?m still learning.....
Much improved over the original Echo Show
Very user unfriendly and way lower tech than the <$50 fire tab.
Enjoying the 2nd Gen Echo Show
Great new Show
As usual excellent product.
You gotta get one of these!!!
Tech gadget must have!
Almost great
Useless user interface
Didn't think I needed it
Great to talk to grandkids.
Great device!
Must have!!!
Love the Echo Show
Good but stop trying to sell me things every 5 seocinds
Best Gift to Self
Echo Show Second edition is awesome and then some.
So far so good
Extremely unhappy
Greatest Kitchen Tool in My House
Awesome sound, great picture
Love, love, love!
Much better sound than 1st Gen
Better than expected
Improved in everything second generation is hands down the way to go!
GREAT Product !!!
Exceeds my expectations
Does not connect with android version 4.4.4
Excellent, except for Try Alexa text scroll
Coolest thing since sliced bread.
A lot of potential but not there yet...
Just as smart, Better sound , Bigger screen.
A worthwhile upgrade
How can you use it for recipies when it closes the browser every 5 fricking minutes?
The sound quality of 1 Echo Show is superior to 2 Sonos Play5's.
Great to travel distances when you cant
Inexpensive personal assistant
More uses than you think!
What the ??????
I'm impressed!
Echo Show -- Alexa works well
Not User Friendly
You will love it!!!
The worst amazon product ever
The Alexa default shopping list stinks and you can't change or delete it
Absolute horrible device setup
No youtube app!
Great product!!!
Amazing and incredibly useful
Alexa?s Voice is spitty/muffled.
No need to upgrade from Dots
Annoying nag on screen Constantly.
Disappointed
Great purchase
Easy to use
It's ok but
Awesome Product
A  BIG  Improvement!!
10 times better then previuos echow show.
Premium audio quality like Bose and JBL. Sandstone is beautiful.
A fantastic improvement over old unit.
Dumbest "smart device" ever...
What is it good for?
Gresat screen & great sound
You won?t be disappointed
Great speaker
Excellent Price
Not impressed
Echo Show only works with a Smart phone with Alex Communications ap
Same problem as the previous generation Show
Background Slide Show Does Not Work Properly
No big thrill
The Jetson's have arrived in my home
Screen seems like a nice addition but very poorly utilized
Much wider- nice screen
Not worth it.
Won?t be rebuying
Best Echo Show ever!
SUPER SOUND/SOLID BUILD
A few things share the name......
Great for Cooking Information
GREAT ITEM FOR YOUR FAMILY AND HOME
Bigger screen and sound
Very Useful
Great Product, love the Show
Unbelievable. Mind blowing. Unbeatable
Worth the money
Bigger, Better...and Absolutely Amazing Sound
what was I waiting for
Show is f, but Prime Video App i
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Nice gift! Great display
A great gift
Looks beautiful and sounds great
Best kitchen companion with amazing sound!
Great Alexa Device
user friendly
Not as good as original Echo Show.
Great tool for speaking one on one to a live person!  Each upgrde gets better!
Retirees you need this! No more searching the internet, just ask Alexa
Ummm wow
Works Great!
great and easy to use
So Easy to Setup and Use -- And fun too!
Works great, excellent sound and picture
Long Lead Time
Great sound but beware
Great way to keep in touch
Awesome for the Kitchen
Sounds great and looks great! Best Alexa device in my house!
No Netflix, slower than regular Echo, sound is OK.
Could use more volume levels
Annoying hints can?t be removed!
Things to Try ? ? ? ? Really ? ? ? ?
Microphones are not as good as the first gen
Great Device
Bigger is better!
Outstanding Device
NOT GREAT WITH RING
A very useful and fun Smart Device!
Beautiful Screen and easy setup
Disappointed
Great addition for all ages
Sorry Alexa, but you need to get it together.....
Buy it You will Love it! Great Technology
Great sound
Love it!
Quality and workmanship.
ALOT MORE THAN YOU WOULD THINK
Like Seeing My Lists
Love it!
Doesn?t replace bridge for smart bulbs
Not ready for prime time
El equipo en mi pa?s no funciona  que puedo hacer ay?deme
I had NO idea how much I?d LOVE my echo show!!
Beautiful design with larger screen!  I love it!
Love all Echo products, and this is a real gem
More uses than I had hoped for! The whole family loves it!
Great!
Screen is always on and no YouTube capabilities.
Alexa capabilities are amazing and fun!
Not impressed by voice command quality
Love it!
Didn't like the Sound
I love my Echo Show
Nice product not intuitive enough to unlock features
Definitely not my favorite amazon product
Greater clarity
Awesome addition to the Kitchen
Get one!
Glad I waited
I like the second generation improvements.
Less than 3 months and it's dead
Glitchy
Love it
What did I do before Echo Show?
Amazon reached out to help....
Sounds awesome!!
Awesome to communicate with parents
Great drop in feature with video!
Love this Echo Show!
Replacing older Echo Shows
Echo Show larger screen is so much better!
This is a great item
I love Alexa too much .. I have only one Show 2 but 8 Show 1
It was easy to get started.
Great product
Good Improvements
Alexa is really confused
The Good and the bad
It'e nice
Great Media Device
No pairing with smart phone
Premium sound and a vibrant 10.1? HD screen
We like it
Worth the upgrade over the generation 1 Echo Show
Great Smart device.
Don?t listen to rock music.
Quality
Love it!!
Very nice upgrade!
Best echo yet
Echo Show
UNFORTUNATELY NOT WORTH THE EFFORT OR PRICE
Very nice.
Like the larger screen
Great addition to Alexa setup
she is always listening ?
I love it
It's OK depending on what you need it for (not great for recipes)
Awesome device
Love love love
Great for connecting with family!
Bad as a picture frame
The best of everything!
Awesome addition to Alexa Devices.
Great improvement over 1st gen
"things to try" is so annoying...come on Amazon
Quality
Dropping in made easy!
The Beginning of the New Future
Elderly person
Echo Show 2nd Gen Zcreen Goes black and white with horizontal lines
Play movies/music, control the lights/tv, and visually see multiple timers while cooking
I'm a fan
Helpful and entertaining
Definitely my New Favorite Alexa Device
Easy to use technology
Do it.
Waste of money
Solid product, still needs a lot of improvement in functionality
Alexa goes visual!
REALLY GOOD
Sit back and feel the new Echo Show!
This thing is awesome
Disappointing Defective and Expensive Product
Improvement
Wow! Amazing!
Best Christmas Gift! A Must Have for any room in your home!
I like this one better
Outstanding Manufacturing and Quality
It will enhance your life in many ways!!
Impressed.
Nice upgrade from first generation!
Love it!
Great Sound and Great Display
Heavy duty and the volume on here is amazing!!
Won't stream Bluetooth to JBL Flip 4 speakers
Takes a while to figure out how to use it. Alexa helps you along the wat!
Echo show is a must have gadget
A great product just got even better
Very limited features
Great picture
Great sound and picture
I like this device
Decent Sound- Displays Many lyrics
Love it
Better than any car voice system, but still not perfected.
should just go with a tablet
The Speaker is Fantastic!!!!
Second time is also a charm!
Great for Kitchen
Nice unit with decent sound
Good sound, touchscreen, hears well even with loud background
Great item... not perfected yet!
Handy little device
Excellent product.
Don?t buy it as a gift for someone else.
That it has a great screen
Need to modify app and improve microphone,
Echo Show has potential.  It needs more work.
Works Great!
it arrive way before it was suppose too
Improvements on everything!!!... but addition of random cloth backing
Much needed upgrade from the first gen
Absolutely love this device
Not happy
Media overload
So far so good
No light bulb.... my fault.
Absolutely love it!
Surprised how much the sound has improved!
Worth every penny
A nice upgrade from echo show 1st gen
Awesome!
Needs more touch control
Best device yet
Glad I upgraded
Grandparents Rejoice
No Netflix, Hulu Lite
If you buy one, plan on subscribing to Hulu if you want it to do more than your Alexa.
Great product
Best of the Echo devices
I love this.
Alexa provides a wealth of information
It doesn't know a lot and constantly says "I don't know that"
MY KIDS ALL DAY "ALEXA!"
It's ok.
Love My Echo Show (2nd Gen)
Needs more intergration/best smart home hub.
Larger screen and great sound.
Works ok
Happy with my purchase
ALEXA ECHO SHOW Security Camera Display Review
Depends on what you want to use if for
Some trouble registering a new Show
improved Sound quality, and video
Not as nice as I thought it would be
Awesome
It's listening.
Beware:
Youtube workaround? We don't use it half as much as anticipated.
Does not work with ring doorbell
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing
Awesome!
Read Directions
Echo Show
Great upgrade from first gen
Best Echo yet.
Mini Fire TV Cube
Mmh
Smart, but deaf ?????
Great Echo Device
Very good product very happy
A great experience in its own right!
Awesome family gift
We upgrade from the 1st gen to the 2nd and happy we did!!
So glad I decided to reorder this.
This is a must Have!!
Love it
I would buy this 100
Ads are much more enticing than reality.
Love the Gen2
Love this new echo
Love it ?
Great product
Works with Ring doorbells and camera.
hey Alexia
Echo Show
Great product!
Love my Show
Great
No battery
Long time lag is frustrating
Love It!
Easy Installation!  Quick to set up!
High quality product with awesome functionality.
Echo Show has "Promise"
Fantastic sound
Worth every penny!!
Get to see my Granddaughter
Love it!
Great for communicating
Still has some glitches
It's a lot of fun.
High quality extreme knowledge base.
Very impressive
What a hassle
Nice but over priced
Don?t use for baby monitor
I love my new toy
Big, Bright, Rich Sound!
I k
Does not work with firestick.
Fun "companion"
Echo Show 2nd generation
All-new Echo Show (2nd Gen) ? Premium sound and a vibrant 10.1? HD screen - Charcoal
Where?s the set up instructions
Great addition to our home
Great Buy - Echo Show
Not worth the $
Great with some basic problems
So far we love it
Echo show is incredible
Dissapointed
Amazon Echo
Loving it
Having Fun with it
Echo Show is Awesome
Great display and sound
Love it
amazing !!
Easy Set Up
Camera angle
Significant improvement after the previous generation
So far so good!
This is such a great addition to the family.
Great product for whole family
Awesome !!!
Great device, wish I had purchased six days later
Love all my Alexa Products
The Video Calling is choppy
Really good sound.
Not as integrated as I would like
Great for Video Calls.
Stellar Sound Quality
Very cool
The screen makes the Echo so much better..
BOUGHT AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT
Amazon please...
It's Great!!
Money well spent!!!!
Very nice
There are so many things you can do with Alexa
Not as smart as expected.
Everything I expected
After trying the first gen, the second gen is a keeper, but just barely.
Wonderful accessory to my kitchen!!!
excellent picture
My Third Echo
Love it!!!!
My "awesome" Echo Show!
Love it
I'm a Southern boy.
See what you have been missing!
Awesome
Outstanding
Love it!
Love the Large Screen!
This thing is awesome!
Good But Unfulfilled So Far
Great Christmas present!!!!
Great sound and picture.  Alexa is really dense however
Big Screen, Big Plus
Best echo show so far.
So worth it! Love the new Show vs original Show!
Still learning all of the features
An extravagant tool but so nice to have
Great upgrade
Quick and effortless installation!
My family loves this
Not sure yet.
Perfect companion fory kitchen
2nd one
Great improvements in the 2nd Gen
Excellent product, endless useful festures
Perfect screen size
Good looking show!
Alexa is the Best!
Better than the first show because of larger screen.
A nice upgrade from regular Echo
Frustrated
Dissappointed
I like it, but I wish it had a built in calendar
Simply the BEST !
Clock to small
Great addition to our house
Love it
This device is very powerful and versatile for many uses a quality build device.
BUY IT!
Very nice device
Major improvement
Big screen and nice speaker.
It's no Echo
Alexa with a view
Wish I bought a show years ago
Doubles as a slideshow
Love it!
Great qualities.. everyone needs one!
Our Favorite Christmas Gift
Love it!
Good... Even better if you have other echo devices
Touch display is great
Echo show second generation
New Show like a tablet and a snap to set up
I?m undecided.
Are you kidding me!
Bad product performance
Alexa... Alexa?... ALEXA!
A new addition to our kitchen.
Love this Alexa device
We LOVE it.
Worth buying
Very disappointed
A lot better than Gen 1.
Great sound and picture, but a little slow
Great product
Easy Peasy video chatting.
Was worth the purchase for me!
2nd Generation - Best generation
Excellent for the kitchen and dining room
I watch movies and listen to all types of music.
Must be specific
Amazing echo
Bass is heavy!
Alexia are you listening
Data eater
Great way to Stay in Touch with a Family & Friends
Needs YouTube
Unlimited Uses
Great information
Every Echo Needs a Screen
Larger Screen
Two thumbs up!
Bigger, brighter screen and better sound than 1st Gen.
Love it!
Great for many reasons
Great and Much Improved Echo Show 2
Echo Show (2nd Gen)
AMAZING!
Tiene que entender espa?ol, a?adir en settings
Great Upgrade
Great sound
*updated: it is all that
Love it!
I enjoy using this echo show.
Larger screen. Alexa does not have all the info Siri does though.
Very cool device
Great addition to my home the whole family loves and uses The Alexa show!!!
Sound is very bass-y, will not play iphone streams
It is a Visual tool
Great Upgraded  Device
great mini TV!
Works well
Came with the wrong power supply
Much bigger screen
Fantastic way to stay in touch
Wow!
Good improvements...
Love my Alexa Show
2nd Gen Show is like putting the 1st Gen Show on steroids.
Beautiful Design
Good but not great
Awesome!
Video calling device
The Echo Show has a great picture and fabulous sound!
Didn't think I'd have use for it, but it has become very useful and fun.
LOVE IT
Voice Too Loud
Amazing technology
Love my show
Alexa 2019
Beautiful sound
Love this
Lots of fun
Nice
Could be better
Great sound and super easy to use
Happy with new technology
Sounds terrific and easy to use!
Works great
Really like the all new Echo Show (2nd Generation)
Great Improvements!
Echo Show
Bluetooth Not Working
Great size and features
Me, "I love you Alexa....".  :-)
Great quality
Great company for people who live alone
Drop in
Awesome Echo Show
Big screen nice.
Works well
Everything
Fabulous Sound
Excellent
Incredible screen, easy setup, works like a charm
Great sound and picture!!
Makes having to be in the kitchen tolerable. (LOL!)
Alexa is here
Overall good device, but needs serious work on the interface.
Awesome
A Must Have!
Love my show
Absolutely love it
Awesome Echo Show
Good one
Does exactly what I need it to do
Doesn?t link to Amazon home
Helps my family keep in touch
Even better
Much better looking
This device rocks
Pretty convenient.
Well worth the upgrade from gen 1
Very pleased with the new Echo Show 2
Poor packaging
Best Echo yet
Way better than Gen 1
Why did I wait so long?
Beautiful echo show2
Better than 1st Generation
Our echo show
Great way to spend time with family in a different state!
Fun for the whole family
Great product
Great...
Sound quality is fantastic.
Great improvement!
Love it
It has a hard time shutting down whatever you have open.
Sound and picture are amazing
It?s fun!!!
Interactive fun!
Super cool
Any tablet with good speakers is cheaper and better.
Amazing
The screen and sound are 100% worth the price
It?s great!
Impressive device
Terrific! Big screen!
How can I add my HULU Account.????
Great for general entertainment, somewhat limited app search capabilities
Arrived on time.
Perfect addition to a smart home
Nice clear screen. Slow responding
Alexa Echo Show, great and engaging for people with dementia
Better than first generation
Excellent Sound & Video
Echo 2 , What's up!
Great sound and videos.
Disappointed not good for the kitchen.
Surprisingly decent speakers
better than the other echos
Issues
Useful tool and fun
Not very useful
Satisfied
Loving my Echo Show!
Great start
Great product.
No front speakers! Very hard to hear
Outstanding
Can do a lot
2nd Generation Show is a Winner !
Excellent product
Quality, so much use out of it just like having A personal assistance
A great speaker and screen.
Great improvement
Alexa not picking up info
Advantageous for all!
Amazing Feedback
Best Smart Assistant
Limited functionality
Echo show rocks
Newest Family Member
I love Alexa!
Beautiful screen and fantastic sound.
Easiest to Steam and Most Complete Service Available
LASTED 4 DAYS
Welcomed improvements.
Love it!
Its so cool!
What a find very pleased.
Screen size is a great improvement
Echo show
Fantastic
Not as good as the echo.
Loving it!
We love our show!
Enjoying the Echo show
Jack Ryan - as exciting as Homeland
considerable improvement
Your childless developers could not program parental controls with a gun to their head
Awesome
Bigger screen and sound quality
I have the original
Best of the streaming devices for 2018
Love my new show!
Fantastic Upgrade
Deficiencies.
Great for seniors!
Great Way To See Loved Ones
Fantastic Unit
Works well.
Awesome
Love dropping in on my Echo Show
BUY IT!
Great Devices, But Dont Order Gift Wrapped
Limited in ability to control display
Great Product
Easy YouTube
Awesome Bass!!!
Great sound and picture
Great Sound
Best Screened Smart Speaker
Nice improvement over the first edition
Works as advertised.
Nice echo upgrade
More real estate is nice!
Whatever you want, it's there.
Great product.
Love it
Screen size and sound are great!
The must have you didn?t know you needed
Easy Setup
Enjoy the new options!
Does it all
Issue on 2nd generation Echo show
Echo Show 2nd Generation
Impressive, but ...
Getting good.
Unimpressive
MUCH Better Sound & Screen
Very easy to set up and use.  Good sound.
Loving Alexa!
The Visual Alexa
The devil?s number one tool.
Good size
Great!
Doesn't work with Wyze cam
Love
Fantastic sound and video!
Beware - only steams Amazon /amazon prime shows and movies
Great Series
Besides that I love it Still!!
Much better than Gen 1
Great for watching Amazon Videos and shows
Fun and helpful
Echo Show (2nd Gen) ? Premium sound and a vibrant 10.1? HD screen - Charcoal
Good product
Good long distance commincator!
Gotta Have It
You don?t know what you?re missing!
Easy Set Up
new and improved
More than just for ?SHOW? !!
Best in class
most amazing thing in my house
no option
Absolutely Amazing Sound.
sound quality
Great buy!
My New Echo Show
Great Product
Keeps getting better.
Frustrating when trying to cook
Bru Sket TUH
Get it
great product wish it has a  plug for a headset
Better in every way
The beginning of a smart-home!
Amazing device with great sound
Excellent product!
Nice big screen
Better sound and picture quantity!
I love my show!
UPDATE: Doesn?t work-not pairing
The look and style
Piece of sh**
Great deal
does not seem to pick up my voice as readily as other Show or Echo devices for which I own many
Too much bass!!!
Great Sounds
great for older people with bad memories
Amazing
Ability to contact family members and visit with them even miles apart
Sound is great.  It needs Netflix and YouTube
The sound is very clear.
Echo Show (2nd Gen)
The funnest Christmas present I?ve had since I was a kid!
New addition to Kitchen Tools
Useful product!
Still needs better screen and sound
Four Stars
Great investment.
Recommended
it mulfunction after reset
So many uses.....
Great quality
Amazing sound, amazing screen, must upgrade!!!
Awesome Gift
Love the larger screen
Echo Show (2nd Gen) ? Premium sound and a vibrant 10.1? HD screen - Charcoal
Perfect
Worth every penny
Perfect!!!!
Sound is really good on this!
Great screen size - picture ok
Great sound!
Wonderful, Wow....
Great upgrade from 1st Generation
Seeing is better
Staying connected across the country
Great product so far!
Beautiful picture and sound.
A must have
Love it
Finally, very good sound
Love it. Big improvement from original.
Lovely
Worthbit
This is Great!
A great improvement from the first one.
Easy set up.
Disappointed
Great larger screen and sound
Easy setup
Love it
Big screen Big feel
Useful!
Amazing Echo
Great device, lot of potential!
Amazing!
Nice upgrade to the first generation show.
LOVE!
very helpful
Bigger screen, better resolution and nicer looking 2nd Gen Echo 2
Big Screen
Great product that I love!
LOVE IT!
Love it!
We love it!
It Produces Great Photos!
Once you buy an Echo Show you won?t know how you lived without it!
Love it!
Great for cooking
Best Product
Alexa Show - bigger IS better!
Sound is much better
Screen goes inactive and you can't disable this "feature"
big screen
Need apps
Make font size adjustable
need to get rid of ads !
Cannot search for pictures!
Love seeing the words to the songs!
It?s new and it great!
Lovely gift
Good stuff
Large screen
Very good item to have
EASILY learned to love this addition to our home tech.
Not as great as it is projected. Time will tell if worth the price.
Easy to Use
Super great product
Not impressed yet.... will update if so
Excellent Sound
Best purchases ??tis year!!
Super screen
It has great sound
Echo Show is the best
One of the coolest things to come along in a long time.
BEST
Very nice
LYRICS AND VIDEO
Love it!!
Really conplicated system
A great investment!!
Super easy...fun to use!
Better than Google Home
Set-up is user friendly! Delivery as promised.
Best echo yet
Love it
Love my Echo Show
Love it- speaker is amazing
Love my echo view
Pleasantly Surprised
Great sound
Review Echo Show
LOVE it!
Great Show!!
Good product set up not so simple
Great sound quality
Love it !
Not perfect but getting there.
enhancements.
What can I say, but Wow!
Its great for music
ECHO SHOW - SECOND DEGENERATION
Easy to set up
Enjoying being able to view all my photos
Easy to setup
Good purchase
Works well, but....
love it
nice
Amazing stuff.
Great product!
Look and Sound!
Love it
MUCH better than Gen 1
Love it
Wife?s Christmas gift, nice addition to set
The Echo Show is great.
The perfect kitchen companion!
Easy to maneuver
Awesome Sound!!
Love it!!
FireFox browser runs YouTube for few minutes then Echo returns to the home screen
No
Alexa is part of our family now!
much better than gen 1
Good for home integration.
New Echo
The better Echo.
Much improved
Great size and clarity
Winner The Ding Dong Produect of the Year!
Sounds great but you can't stop the messages from scrolling across the screen
Love love!!
Echo Show
Worth upgrading
I like it
Love it!!
LOVING IT!!
More than I expected.
The speaker quality is stunning
Need more instructions then what comes with the machine
Love this Echo Show (2nd Gen)
Love it
The size of the screen is perfect!
Echo Show
Great improvement over original Alexa
Glorified Amazon Echo spot and take away screen and not much to offer over an Amazon Echo Dot.
Echo Show - even a hack like me can enjoy it
Big improvements
Best Yet
Awesome!
Improvement to the first version
Issues with video of both callers
Ease of Use
Alexa
A lot better than the original Show but you may not want to upgrade.
Buy for home
Impressive!
Don?t know you need it until you have it
Information, weather, music, answers a variety of questions
Organizing life!
OUTSTANDING
Good quality two beautiful pictures everything Working good
For safety and security
Family hub!
Great update to the original Echo Show
Always a surprise  as to what Alexa will say...
Excellent product
Great Product
Ah much better! (Then 1st gen)
Great Speaker Phone, and fits under twin monitors at workstation
Great Product !
Echo Show
If you know what you?re doing it?s great, if simplicity is important just don?t.
Love the Show
Great addition to the home
Nice job on the 2nd generation show.
Awesome product!
Go ECHO!
Love!!!
Great device
Alexa 2nd gen
Nice big screen and great sound
Love the Show
Great sound quality!
Everything you expect and more!
very useful
Great product!
Bought 3 for good measure
Big screen awesome sound!
Think Twice Before U Buy!
Love it!
Love my Alexa Show
great product
Very pleased??
Original was awesome this is better!
Love the show! The best show in town
Super Upgrade
So smart
Voice recognition is great.
Echo Show outstanding
Great improvement on sound but little decreased responsiveness
You don?t only have to use your voice to control this.
Love it
Echo Show 2nd gen
Alexa
Works great
I like the new design, volume levels seem all over the place
Came registered to me but was a gift !!!!
The show
Great device.
Best Christmas Gift
Great home hub!
Not running hue smart lights
The screen
great sound and video
My wife is able to see our grandchildren more instead of just talking to them
Sounds great
Amazon Show 2nd Generation is the top notch!
Great picture and sound
Echo Show
Entertainment
Great Smart Speaker!
To much fun
Very useful tool
Most have this new second version of ES
I love it so far
Perfect for the Kitchen
Another GREAT Amazon product!!!
Sound varies between apps
Defective
Echo Show
Great new product.
Works great
Love this
True hd sound with subwoofer
Echo View - a Must Have!
AMAZON HAS GREAT AND FAST SHIPPING
Try it you might LOVE IT.
It's bigger than the first gen!
Better Screen & Better Sound
Still learning
So cool
Best Amazon Product on the Market!!
Upgrade
Alexa with video
Great product.
If you love the 1st generation show, you?ll love this even more!!
It?s perfect
perfect
Need a web browser
Recommended
Great product, awesome sound and video quality
Best Echo Device!
Alexa realized my front door was unlocked!
Great picture quality but very bassy
Great value
Streaming Issues
Echo Show 2nd Generation
Monitor
Awesome
Great picture and sound
Size, size, size!
Love it
AS ADVERTISED
Very easy to set up
Perfect for the kitchen
Clear video.
Amazing Quality!
Big improvement over original Echo Show
Great Upgrade on the Show
Great piece of technology
Awesome Device
Great Sound
Alexa
Great product!
Easy to set up. Works great
Very Easy Setup.
Great Product
These Alexa devices just keep getting better!
Nice device but not everything I expected
Better the the last version
Echo show
Good picture and sound
You can use listen in make calls in and out.
Love it
I love this product
Great product no problems with it yet!
Love the new show!!! Bought on Black Friday sale!
Expected quality
The new 2nd generation Alexa does not understand my families commands.
It?s a great item and I love it!
Intense and suspenseful
Alexa
Not worth it
Great
Love this product
Learning curve
Voice Recognition
What, a commercial?
Great Christmas present
Excellent and a lot of Fun
Amazon is doing a great job on all they do.
Great Alexa
WOW
The new Echo is bigger, clearer and louder
Performs like a prototype
Amazing how convenuent and helpful
Love it!
Echo Show
have to have internet.
Gen 2 Exho Show is even better
Usually I have only to ask.
No Customer Service
Audio Quality is Superb
Addictive!
Amazing! but.....
Sound and picture perfection!
Sounds better and also can see it
Good sound and video
Great in the kitchen
Awesome!
A good device to face time with grandchildren.
excellent sound
usefulness
Great Alex devise
connectivity across multiple platforms including live TV
Great unit
resolution poor
It's fine...one nit
Perfect
Amazing product
Best Buy I have made in a while.
Prefer Google Home
Perfect addition to Amazon prime
great product
Awesome
G
Love it
Great. Worth the upgrade!!!
Still Not Ready for Prime Time
Fantastic
More abilities than previous purchase
Easier to see info from across the room.
Love Echo Show???
Great picture, love the screen size.
Fun!
I love it!
Awesome
Strongly recommend
Sound is awesome
Learn new things daily
Great Product.
Great product.... could use a few features
Fair.  Not bad but just ok.
Love This!
Without straining your eyes
Capability
Great gadget..could be better
Sound is better than the first generation
A very satisfying experience.
Love it. What an improvement.
Works great, still discovering what I can do with it
how to use
Apps
Love it!
Love it!!!
Love Alexa!
SMART SPEAKER
Echo Show
How fun
Kitchen ready
Easy to use
Battery would have been nice too!
Great sound; nice screen
Good sound.
Great!!!!
Smooth and easy to use
Worth adding to your Alexa collection
Excellent screen clarity and sound audio. Must buy item except for the price.
Great
Easier than Face Time
Awesome! Our wake up time has never been missed.
I love it!
Echo show 2nd Gen wins hands down
Worth the investment
Thar is a perfect item
Watching over our home
Love
Great for video calls
Great upgrade from the dot.
Really enjoyable.
Had Google Home first, was a waste of money, this is amazing!
Misleading ?free bulb? selection
Good but not perfect
Read the instructions before used it
New member to our family
Love this product
Good sound
The best companion in your home very useful
You're not going to want to put it down
Great Buy
Love our Echo Show
Nothing against the movie
It shows
Just two things...
ECHO SHOW
Great speaker on this system
Fun and easy
Cool features, but limited usability
GREAT item A+++++++++++++
Love it
Fabulous product
Happy with my Echo Show upgrade
Wait for the sale price!
Almost perfect
Likable item
Great sound
Exceeded my expectations.
Video alexa
More help
That you get to get rid off the old model, for some cash...
Great Images and sound !
great device
I use it daily
Love it
Exceeded expectations!
Love Love Love!!
A great product!
Big Improvement
Great system
Great sound quality
Echo Kitchen Help
Great product!!!!
The Second Generation is great
Fun, it works well
Product as described
I LOVE IT
Awesome. Love them!
This new echo show is even better that the first generation
So far so good!!!
Good product.
Needs Netflix
Not perfect but not that bad
Like it
Better than what I expected!!!
BIG screen and better sound
Musiy
Excellent products
Love it
Echo Show
Love this product
Great product
Bugs
Okay,Disappointing
No built in battery makes no sense
Worth it
Amazing sound and ease of use.
Is what it is
Great quality product.
Nice WiFi  camera.
Far better than 1st gen
Great Device
Love my echoes
Pretty cool
Good deal
Great Sound
A great addition to the Alexa family
Works very well
Echo Show for a family
Awesome for music
Nice
Slow and poor app connectivity
Like others, no cord.
Great product
Clear pictures
What?s not to LOVE
Quality
Hood product
Even better then the 1st generation!!
Love this for cooking n music
Works wonderfully!
So much better than the first one!
The finest overall smart assistant
You must have a smart phone to use the video phone on the echo
Great product that works with my security system
Loving it!!!!
use it
I love it
present
Fantastic
As expected
Easy to use
Love
Best echo
Love the video calling
Very happy
Shows great
Clear sounds
Bigger screen, yay!
Takes time to learn but worth it
Love the show
Cool
user friendly
NOT MUCH DIFFERENT THEN THE VERSION 1
I like it, but has a glitch.
Great product
Very happy with it
Echo Show
I like it
It literally changes your world!!
Speakers
Love it
Easy to use
Alexa leave yourself a good review!
Greatest Gift Ever
We Love Ours
Great
Great
How easy to operate and all the tasks it can accomplish.
Be nice...Alexa is always listening.
Great item
May need to read a few reviews before buying
Versitility
Great product? fun and easy for the whole family
Y
Great product
It works great
Great addition to other Alexa products
good product larger screen is nice
Nice
Love it !
Need stand
Easy to set up and use
Great sound
Great product!
Love my new Echo Show!
Loved it
Very nice
Works great she says.
Good for music streaming....Lacking in all other areas
This Echo Show is way better than the original.
Easy to use.
Echo Show 2nd Gen
Haven't had much time to use
Better
No way to remove annoying "Things to Try" banner at the bottom of the home screen
Finally a device that works
Not what I thought
Still Learning...Great
Sleek, well-built, and worth the money
Everything you need is a ?question or command? away.
Great product
Pushed notifications.
Nice to share
It?s nothing like it?s marketed
Overall Winner but much to learn
Game changer
Maravilloso
Awesome
Perfect as Amazon always is. Flawless
It ok
Great resolution, lack of microphone sensitivity
Great Alexa with screen!
You must have a smart phone to install
Love this new 2nd Gen Echo Show!
Echo show is a great instrument
Works great
Echo Show 2nd Generation
Best e ch so far
It's great for video face timing our grandchildren.
Great!
Great design
Great sound
Glad I took the plunge!
Accessibility
Very impressive.
I would have paid more...
Really good
This device is life changing!
good sound
??
Look great
Upgraded from 1st gen
Love these Devices
Best purchase ever
Setup was easier than I ever thought!
Love you Alexa, Echo Show!
Huge upgrade over 1st Gen
Bigger screen
Great Improvement
Great device
Much better than the first edition
Echo show 2
So very easy to connect and comes loaded with your Amazon Prime content.
Fun and impressive
A MUST HAVE!!!
Smaller screen with big sound.
Great way to keep contact with the grandkids!
Works perfectly with the Blink security system.
New Echo Show
Decent purchase
Great product
Love it.
Great addition to my home
Great product
Well-engineered product
Ease of keeping in touch with family and friends
Awesome!!!!
Knowing that it?s an amazon product.
Great Gift
A gift for all ages!
Easy set up
Love how it brings all my devices together in one single unit!
Love it
Easy to use!!
Camera angle
Echo Show 2nd Gen
Great upgrade
It?s bigger than I expected! It?s tablet size!
Best voice enabled video device!
Good investment
Alexa is so helpful
Alexa Smart
Fun to use
Exactly what we ordered
Things you didn't know you needed.
This is a must watch series
You can't do a video call to everyone
I have 2 but it needs software improvements
Great product but ready for updates
Screen Broke in 4 months
Family loves it!
Great assistant
Outstanding Product
Great for communicating with family and friends.
It's great to see family that live far away.
It has great sound! The sub woofer is a must!
Very bulky!
Get it!
Great Sound
Lots of help in the kitchen or anywhere
Love my new Echo Show
Excelent Sound
Love this product
Size and shape
It's okay ?
Great
I love it!
Show!
Works perfectly
LOVE!
easy set up
Google is better
Nice design
Love it
I feel that I am only taping the resource
The best gadget
A great addition to a kitchen
Great product
Great product.
Amazon is the best !!!
Amazon Show
Great for watching 18+ content!
Great gadget.
Must have amazon prime to  get the most out of it.
Present useless
Love my new Echo!!!
Winner
Worth Upgrading.
Great device, sound quality is great, the display is very helpful
Love the look and sound...
Great
Love the echo.
That if you buy 2 you can save $100.00
Es muy interesante
Cute
Great sound quality!
Alexa
Echo Show is pretty cool
Nice
Great! I Love It!
Echo show was a great purchase
Big screen
Make sure it learns your voice.
Great Screen !!
Great sound
Nice screen
It was worth the upgrade.
Very Disappointed
If you like alexa just get one
Great Device
Entertaining
Sound comes from the back. Big sound. Its great.
Keep in touch
Works as advertised
its great addition to the kitchen
5 stars
Great sound
Echo Show
WORKS LIKE A CHAMP.
The Echo Show is a great addition to the other Echo devices I have that don?t have a screen.
It has to be plugged in, but other than that its great
great device
Great
Nice!
Great buy
Must have.
Love having the screen.  Have ordered dots too!
Love this device!!
Great buy!!
Not ready for prime time!
By far my favorite Christmas Present!
Awesome
Ok so far, lots to learn
Improved sound
The family Loves it
Alexa, 2nd gen.  WOW
Love
worth the upgrade
Product research needed on my part
Love it
Great bedside manner
Works great with my ring doorbell too
Awesome device.
Wait for a sale price.
Love the Echo Show
It is so convenient!!!
Great Device!
Nice upgrade
Amazing
Very pleased with our new Echo devices!
The evolving Alexa Echo
Great
Sound quality is great
No written instructions
Buy this!
Echo
That Echo Show is very dependable.
Very user friendly.
No Netflix App
Does everything echoe does but shows it
So far I have found the show useful and fun.
Love our Echo
Sound quality excellent
Love it
video not as good as the first one.
look to the future...
LIKE HAVING A BEST FRIEND
This is the future
speakers are amazing for somthing this size!
Excellent Product
Awesome
Limited by policy.
Nice large touch screen and great speaker
Awesome.
Huge upgrade from 1st gen product...
Great sound, nice picture
Love the Show
Great Product
There is a lag with the touchscreen.
Nice!
I like It
Alexa
Love the new Show!
Very easy to operate
Great Device
Echo show great buy
I?ve it
Fantastic Product!
Very useful
Lots of things you can do on this ?
Great Sound
Definitely worth the buy!
Good central infotainment system.
it works
Great Sound and Picture
Great upgrade
controls lights and you can view song names
Big Improvement in sound
Amazing Echo Show Second Generation
Love it.
Great picture and sound quality
I?d recommend.
I love it
Seeing everyone
Beautifully designed
Nice Improvements
Great device!
Love Alexa
Love It!
Limited Screen Configurations
Simplicity
How can you not love Alexa
Great sound, great picture
Fantastic
New Echo Show Worth It
Love it
Sound quality
Love Amazon Echo!!
Echo show
This is what the show should have been from the start
Looks and Sounds Great
Never too old
A+
Excellent
Awesome
It's not my favorite Amazon product.
Echo Show
Huh??? What'd you say?
Pictures
Amazing!
Great product
Echo works well with Ring Doorbell
Awesome
Skills needed for Samsung Smart TV
Great value
Sound is amazing.
Love it!
Show is a show stopper
Alexa with screen
I wish I bought sooner!
Overall good
Shipping takes time
To much bass vibration/sound
Quality product
I love to listen to my music and the radio..and sometime might look at a movie
Easy to set up
Marry me alexa
Music, reminders and security
No video
Great clarity.
Great way to upgrade!
Better Audio and Video. I love this..
Videos watching is awesome as well.
Great echo show
Love It!!
Love My Echo Show
Ease of operation
Excellent speaker
Wish Alexa was a little smarter
Works Great!  Great Picture and Sound, easy to install.
NOT compatible with Optimum Cable Service.
Echo Show Great
Good quality sound and functionality
Great sound
Love!!
Love it!
Do not do what I want
Love love love
Sounds great
Good but not great.
Watch for season 2
Great purchase!
Nothing
Has screen and excellent sound.
Amazing
A giant leap in quality.
Great addition to our home
Excellent
LOVE THIS
Perfect in My Kitchen
NA
It?s great!!!
Winner
Great investment
Happy with it
Buy it!
Philips Loght bulb
More gimmick than useful
Great sound and quality!
If it is a gift be sure to mark that otherwise it will automatically be registered to your account.
Worth Upgrading
Worth it
Love our new Alexa
It's Fun
Let me it
Despite my limited technical abilities, Echo Show was easy to set-up and register.
Wow
WOW Factor
Takes Alexa to the next level.
Apps
How to maximize the benefits
Sleeker look and better sound.
Still learning what it does...
Good sound and simplicity
Easy set up
Amazing
Better than ever!
Que compartes muchos momentos con tu familia y tus amigos.
The Echo Show is a thumbs up in our house!
Needs more
Worth all the money
So far so good
music prime sucks
Beautiful large screen
Ease of use and picture clarity
Not impress
Larger 10.1 inch screen
Best Gift
The sound is excellent
Great Sound and Vibrant 10.1" HD screen!!!!!!!
Sound quality
As expected
Great communication tool
Big improvement and better design compared to Gen1
Love my Echo Show!
Hands free operation.
It?s bigget and better than old version
Echo show
Sonos Still Wins...
Kiddos and Adults love
Easy and understanding
Interactive, fun, and great sound with music
Worth every penny
Needs broader knowledge base
Loved it
Great purchase!
Super easy connections with Alexa compatible products!
Bigger Screen and better sound
Echo show
Love it
Needs a lot more development.
Best gift
Love my Echo show
New
Better than expected
Fun to have around
love it
I would like a few changes
Easier on the eyes ?
Very helpful
Good product!
Echo Show
Almost there
Great product
excellent
Spend your money on something better
Echo show is a go.go.go
AMAZING SOUND QUALITY
Loud and big picture
We love it!
Great purchase
Awesome echo upgrade
easy setup
my opinion
Great for weather, listening to music, recipes etc.
Doesn't add a lot to my tech house.
Very good
Echo Show 2nd Gen good but not great
Good product
Great devise.  little help getting skills and devices to work with alexa app.
Excellent product.
It Won?t Disappoint!
Life is to short enjoy seeing your loved one through this device no matter where they are at!!
With poor eyesight , the larger screen lets see the without my getting my glasses.
Great Sound
Simple to set up and use.
Disappointed with Echo Show
Super easy to use
Easy, fun and helpful
Great Enhancement
Great screen and sound
Excellent Product!
My children presented this gift to me.
echo show with brailleback
Love it
ALEXA
Recomendable
Advertising should be able to turn off
Really great gift !!!
Loved it. I am in love with the
Love this!
Excellent echo
Searches
Excellent Product
Great new echo
Best one yet.
Sound
Love the size!
Too big of an expectation.
Package was pretty beat up...
Great Long Distance Connector
Great addition to any room!
Great sound !! We love it!
It is very easy to setup and get started.
Love
Not the Smartest
Alexa is so wonderful!
Excellent product.
It works
Great product - good sound quality
Love my Echo Show!
The echo is a good device to have.
Great product
Great purchase. Worth every penny.
Awesome!
Christmas present
Loving it
Great way to keep in touch with family
Echo Show is amazing
Easy to set up and use.
d
Significant improvement over gen 1
How the speakers sound
Enabler in a good way
Great product.
Great kitchen addition!
A must have ?? Show 2
echo show
Great for Talking With Family
Amazing tool
Good in concept bad in reality.
Great gift idea
A Must for Alexa!
My right hand is far as information
I recommend this product it?s actually works as advertised
Seems like she can be very useful!!!
Love the show
Sleek and amazing sound!
Alexa Que Pasa!?
need help
Good Speakers
Alexa show 2 rocks
Top Notch
Sound quality.
Love it!
great product as advertised
Nice screen and functions.
Nice
Echo 2nd Generation
It is a awesome thing to have in you house.
Great buy
Echo Show
Clear and easy to use
So far this is the best Alexa Amazon has made
Great
Nice but
Love it...
Simple minded and limited source info
Missed potential customers
Very easy to operate and set up.
Great Graphics and sound
IT LOOKS GREAT
Versatile with room for improvement
Alexa echo show 2nd generation
Not what I thought
Best one yet!
5/5 great product
I love the picture and step by step for recipes.
Outstanding Sound Quality
Security
Nice product
amazing
Worth the investment
You have to hold the power switch down for 3 to 5 seconds to turn it on.
Great very happy
Ok for photo slide show
Pairing wirelessly can be achieved with other older and newer models to play music in every room.
Good
Gift from kids
The best
ECHO SHOW 2NDGENERATION
Just what everyone needs
Great sound quality, nice scrre
Performs as Advertised
Great for getting information you want.
Great smart speaker
Great sound
Make sure you have a outlet dedicated for it it doesn't operate on battery.
Echo show is great
Nice Product
Review
Echo 2nd gen
Great Perches!
great item
It is so easy to setup.
Good sound quality, fills the whole first floor
Photo Slideshow
Good speakers
Nice speakers for the kitchen
excellent sound the speakers sound is excellent
Good clear and responsive unit.
Just ok
The camera is it on or off security you know.
Sound
I love Alexa!
Love the new screen size !!
Bigger Screen and I like it better than the first Echo Show.
It?s so
New Echo Show
Very satisfied
Great picture
It works great!
Echo show 2nd gen
Awesome
Sonos. Sin servicio. Lo mismo ASESOR?A EN INGL?S. PAGUE COMPRE EN ESPA?OL
Awesome upgrade!!
Easy to use
sound
Easy setup, great picture!
Works great!
Alexa
Great Purchase
Bigger Screen
Great
Christmas gift for my Hubby & he loves  it!!
Love it ?
Great Product
no date on the screen
Very nice sound quality
Less than ok
Speaker sounds great
Great sound & screen
Sound quality is amazing.
No online search function nor netlix.
Decent Speakers, Good Video Calling
Love this!!!
Echo Show
Love it and so worth it
nice
Love it!!!!
Enjoying
Nice large display, constantly rotating headlines.
Very easy to use.
Much  improved! I like!
A worthy investment
Versatile, superb sound.
Need better maps like wave
Larger screen
Great
?
Easy Set Up
Endless possibilities
I love it!
Love my Echo show.
Great sound and display!
Echo
Wonderful device
Easy to install with other echo devises.
Awesome
Quality
I only recived one and was suppose to have 2
Most entertaining-works well with Amazon music
Great addition to the home
I have nothing but praise for this item.
Great gift
It looks good
You won?t be disappointed
Awesome sound
Alexa show
Perfect
Good quality low portability.
Cool tech addition for your home
Amazon soe
Amazing Sound
Love it!!
Must be used with app. Very impressed with all the options
It doesn't sinc with all apps
Awesome
Easy to use
awsome product
To be able to call someone they need to allow you drop in.
Nice
Enjoying our new gift
A good addition to an Alexa home
LOVE IT!!
Wonderful addition to the kitchen
This echo would be a 10 star resturant
All in one entrertainment
Good value for money n yes...it works with Youtube.
Show
Better than expected
Love my echo show!!!
Education ?
Love it!
A great gift for close friends and family who you want to keep in close contact with.
Quality of features, sound and cost
The sound is great
Better than the first Echo Show
Great Purchase
Show plus
I love it
Echo Show is great fun!
Echo Show 2nd Gen
Easy to use!
Amazing sounds
Excellent sound and accuracy
Love my Echo Show
just hooked it up
Really like the new Echo Show 2
I love my Echo Show
Great and good price
Needs youtube urgently
Awesome
Looks great but not worth $250
Works great
Alexa is fun, helpful and great to have in our home.
Do yourself a favor and buy this now.
Would recommend to a friend.
Lacking adjustable base
good speakers
Works great
Awesome Sound
A
Looks much better than the original.
Easy to set up
Came Destroyed
Love my Echo!
I like the sounds and that I can connect with ring camera
Works great and good sound.
Sound and screen are excellent
Fun to argue with her
Worth the upgrade!
Picture and sound amazing
Bad Ass
Great product!
WYSIWYG
How did we live without it
Very easy
Just get an iPad or....
Music Sounds Great on the Echo Show 2
Connects to my Smarthome
Great
Fun and useful.
Amazing Echo
Quailty
Great item
great to have the words displayed
Don?t hesitate, buy it!
Sound is very loud, i like it!
everything se does
Great product
Premium sound
Would not sync to my Ring doorbell
love the sound!!
How fast it  shipped
I loved it!
No power cord/no sound
EASY TO WORK WITH
Good
Great
??
Love the larger screen
Best sound for the money
I can order my coffee with Alexa!
Works great
It's every thing that I expected and more.
Very happy
Best Amazon product yet.
It?s really easy to set up
Great
Amazing Alexa
It works very well
Doesn?t control Apple tv
Review
Excellent!
Working great with the MonocleCam Alexa Skill to show IP cameras on Echo Show (Gen 2)!
A must have!!!
Great product
Excellent
Love it
Controls most of my devices with just a command.
Expected better sound quality
Love the big screen
Hard to set up
upgraded
Recommend it
Really like the new bigger screen.
2nd GEN is TOP NOTCH!!!
na
Great for video calling
Echo show review
There is so much to do with an echo.
Buy first generation Alexa show
Excellent Buy
To make videos calls
Don?t bother with the show
Not as much I was expected
Easy setup
Very versatile
Awesome sound!
A must
Loved it
Me gusta demasiado
Echo Show
ALEEXA works as advertised and keeps getting better!
It does everything you need
Just what she wsntef
Great for reminders and music!
Simple to use
How to access  content
The
Versatile
Great sound and great product overall
great sound
Thanks
Echo show
Good, but
Informaci?n and more work at Home
Love it!
Easy to operate
It is easy to set up and use
Stop the surveys...fight the power
Not worth it
Big screen!
Another winner
Nice but not for the price
Vidio calls
Improved
Must have device!
Wish i had two
It don't speak spanish
It?s awesome
Compact
Top of the line
Love it!
Screen size is much bigger the the older style
More than we expect expected!
Great
Nice
Staying connected to family is much more fun!
improvements over the 1st generation
Really enjoy this product!
Talking and seeing my family in South Carolina.
Alexia just turns off
A must have!
Excellent
Clear screen
Great product!
Love this!
You need to have a smRt phone for this to work ... lol
Anyone can use it!
Can be useful with better skills
Clarity
My Echo Show
Great home tech tool
No Youtube
I love the echo show
Best purchase I ever made!!!!!!
great
Woah
All in one
Works as described
Echo show Gen. two
Love it
Super good
She can?t always hear you.
Quality
Loving the product!
SATISFIED WITH ECHO SHOW
Perfect
Videos while cooking is fun
Echo Show
Slexia
This is much better then the 1st Gen.
Good all around ! 5 stars
Cool
Echo Show
Big screen / Big sound !
Getting used to having Alexa in the room.
Don't like
The echo show is a great assistant
this stands up to its reputation
I can not pinpoint.  Everything is important.
Safe home
I love this
Phone view
great sound  and screen
Does not work well with Recast
Love it!
Loving it!
SOUNDS really good !
Instructions
great speaker
Ge
Great Sound
Great product
Easy set up!
Echo show 2nd generation
Worth the money
Measure your space
Love new Echo Show
Love it
Makes my life easier.
You will like it
Echo show
Sounds great, looks better!
Speakers
Still trying to figure it out in comparison to the Alexa devices all over the house!
Excellent!
The bass is outstanding! And that screen... OmG.
Quality
I love it
When your  financial plan are effective
Picture
Echo Show (2nd Gen)
Best sound
coordinate my dots with the screen and if I can use smart bulbs from a different room by voice
Extremely easy to set up and use
Echo
Excellent system!!!
Idk
What?s going on in the wort
Love it
cameras' blurry and not clear that shows who's at the door.
Great in the kitchen!
Everything I imagined and more
Echo Show 2nd Gen
Does even more than expected.
Very satisfied
Works great
echo show
Great sound.
Great product
Watch what you say
Smart Home Automation
It?s flexibility...
Love It!
El mejor producto para Alexa
Everything
Underrated Model
not 4 me
echo is great
Bigger screen sound comes from the back
It sounds amazing!
Love hem I have 2
Great sound and clarity!
The sound system is fantastic
New to Echo dev
Futuristic and functional!
This is great fun to play with when you have time for relaxing
It?s so easy to use
Best gift ever
The big screen and sound
Big screen and great sound!
LOVE IT!
Sounds great
Love it
Awesome
Larger screen, better design and sound quality compared to the 1st gen
Big upgrade from the 1st gen.
I love her
Good Customer service
.
You must have this!
Awesome sound / picture quality!
Brings joy
Easy Set Up
Great gift
2nd gen, Mike drop!!
We like it
how to program
Love it!
it is a great machihine
Lots of love!
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!
Second generation Echo
Great for seeing out of state grandchildren
Alexa Show
Lacks a few options
My personal assistant
Larger screen
size of screen
It does more  then play music
Great purchase
Not as good yet
That's it great
Very happy customer
Easy to use
LOVE the Amazon Show!
Easy to use!
Someone needs to make a good stand for the new echo show
Love it
Well worth it
Amazing sound
Music accounts
Sound Quality, ease of use
Nothing
New stuff
Viewing area
Easy to install
Works great
Looks Great - Sounds Great -
Poor video call quality
Easy instructions
what santa brought you
Great addition to the house
Excellent video and sound.
Love it!
Echo Show
Love It
Great Product
Easy use
Love the echo show
enhanced voice assist !!
Hard finding things it us helpful with
Nice at any place you put it!
User friendly
Outstanding speaker quality
Loud Speakers
Alexa likes her jokes .
........
Great upgrade!
Accuracy
Amazing quality!
Great product
Great picture
Nice
Great Sound
The best yet
Echo Show is awesome
Great Weather updates
Programing
It?s worth the $
It worked as advertised
Not portable
great
Its Great!
Great toy for old people
Great to use
Waste of money, basically useless.
Very helpful for anything you need to find out
Awesome product
Great buy!
Much improved from old one!  Lovenit
El.sonido
Amazing
One of Amazon?s Best Products!!
Pricing is good for the value.
Best gadget to have in any apartment
The easy setup
It does what it?s suppose to do.
Easy to set up and great value
Echo Show
Love it
The screen
Great story
Awesome product
It even reminds you of calls you need to make!
Need help to set up. No instructions.
Show
Love!
works.
Works great
Brightness
Buen sonido
Fun and essy
Very nice
Good
Best Christmas gift ever!
Upgraded from Echo Show Gen 1
---
A+
Nice device
Thumbs up
Love it!
ALEXA SHOW
Great Upgrade
Works well in Brazil!
Ok product
Love it!
Loving it!!
Nothing
GREAT SOUND!
She works great
2nd gen
Mast
Every day you have to use
The Echo Show is amazing
Love it!
Great assistance.
Amazing
she is wonderful so easy to use!!!!!!!!!!
Great ?toy?! Love it
Amazing sound
Good sound quality... Browser addition is the best thing
Alexaaaa!!!!!
Face to face with family
great sound!
Great device.
Great sound!
Set up the device using the WiFi where it will be used!
It?s really good sound
Skills
need a ups and fedex app
Everyday items that I would normally search for on my phone,  I can just ask Alexa.
Alexa is amazing!
Great new screen and sound quality!
great product
Echo Show is great
You won?t go wrong!
Pair with the echo sub and sounds even better
Great Screen
Now I can check in my house with no problem!
Great sound, fills the room
Great picture
How to stop the try at the bottom of the screen
Great product!
Great job
You need your app to synchronize with it
Love the product
Show
Nice bass sounds. Like a Bose
Music
nice unit
add or take away important messages & list' to yourself
Great screen size
Security in Numbers.  Alexa in every room
Nice
Good buy
Great sound
Sound quality and picture are on point.
Very cool!
Sound is Amazing
Great sound
what about sirriusxm? will it work on this?
Would appreciate a few more written instructions!
Easy to use
It?s cool.
Works great
Much better then Siri
Crisp, clear sound.
Sound
Excellent screen quality.
need good wifi.
Very happy I got it
Love this device
Great product!
Best hub
Wordage to help Alexa understand
Excellent
Great  iteration  version  so far.
how to listen tofree books on Alexa
Buy it now!
Echo is my best friend!
I only play music from here now.
Easy to use.
Easy to use
good device
More better
Good buy
Easy
Alexa
Love it!
I like the versatility  of the smart home options
Have synced my show with my dits and now
Alexa
Works great
Awesome screen and speaker
Review
Great item!
My mother can see me and her grandbabies. A technology that she can use and feel comfortable
Works good
That I could transfer photos to it
My ECHO GENERATION 2 ROCKS!!!
Good Product
How to use it with the max , do I need to downloads Apps on my own ?
Easy set up and use
You need one!
words to songs
amazon not receptive to inquiries
Wife?s birthday
Sweet!
Learn your commands
Great Product
Love it
Great item
Great
The picture and sound of the speakers
Great product
The show part of it
GREAT!
Everything is really good
Good
Nothing learn as you go that is the fun in it
Sounds exceptional
Love it
Great product for the whole family.
Nothing. Just use and love it.
Love it!
Great!!
Nice
It?s the best
Huge
none
Great
Everything
Sound
Very happy
Future is better!
Good
Need strong wifi
Great
Wall plugin
Awesome
Not useful without a cell phone number for Seniors & Elders.
Fire hazard
Does not work as baby monitor!
Ridiculous
Video issues, sent back fixed and broken again
Not a functional Echo
Excellent device
No Youtube makes this item completely pointless
It's fantastic so long as ...
Broken didn't work
Well made. Sounds great. Screen lacks usefulness.
Bought the Echo Spot instead
I love it!
Falied 6 weeks out of warranty - pathetic support
THey may want to hire some real engineers!
Allrecipes Apt is Horrible.
Why Does This Exist?
Beautiful color and wonderful sound
more content than competitors, however the sound isn't great
echo show - released before it functions well. Disappointing
NOT AT ALL EASY TO CONNECT DEVICES TO
Really wanted to give this a higher rating but...
I am extremely disappointed with the Amazon Echo Show !
Still not ready for families...
I don't recommend
Click bait brought to your home.
Not Compatible with New IPhones
All Echo Devices are Useless - Save your Money
So Impressed with the new Show
Excellent!
Season 1 Episode 8- Alexa refuses
No youtube makes this device suck imo
sad performance
Loved it .....while it could keep it connected
GREAT To keep in touch with Long Distance Family
No Spanish option !:'(
Waste of time and miney
Devices and customer service are BAD!
Nice Device, But...
Amazing Product
I like it but.. The screens always go bad.
Does not pair up with the Echo Sub
Get a good high speed internet connection and/or a repeater if you are having connectivity issues.
Try Alexa is advertising that can?t be turned off
Really Useful and engaging Alexa device
volume control
Too much advertising you cant get rid of.
Without YouTube support (voice support) this device is just average
the Echo will not access conservative  views
No YouTube!!!
beware, nest cam only plays for 15 minutes
I love all Amazon Alexa devices.
Absolutely does everything you hope for!
Great price! Great quality!
Disappointing
Great product that is now much better!
Poor image quality
No manual included
Screen image very poor...
You Tube Not supported
YouTube
Wife Loves it for the Photo Slideshow!
Ok for what it does but not what I want or need
Still hasnt worked with Wyze Cam
Buyer Beware - no support after warranty
I love the Echo Show
does work well for skype
Decent, but a lot of work to do to improve
Great for older people who like Alexa
Fabulous!
Sound goes off without reason
The sound is awesome!
Lacks basic features of a digital assistant
The drop in feature is amazing!
ARLO cameras
Need Spanish Language
For me everything.
Impressive piece of technology that is a must for anyone looking to make their home smarter.
Didn?t live up to expectations.
que asco
Advertisement
Expensive tablet! And no battery?
if you insist
it is the best
Upgrade this!!!
YOU CAN?T LISTEN TO MUSIC AND HAVE A INTERNET BROWSER OPEN AT THE SAME TIME!!!  EPIC FAIL
Is so much better than anything else!
Echo Show (2nd) or Facebook Portal+? - Great functionality with the Echo Show (2nd)
Huge improvement over the first version
Amazing sound from the new Echo Show!
Forced advertisements, Not better than echo I already have
Upgrade only if you need the Hub
Much larger and better than the original
Wow all the way around!!!
Love the 2nd Gen Amazon Show!  First time amazon echo buyer here!
Get One. It?s Great!
May require several factory resets (bluetooth)
Sound is awesome!
A cool device for multi smarthome functions.
A Huge Improvement.
Big upgrade from first show.
Great screen, awesome sound, very responsive
Great Product
Love it...
Only regret is not buying one for every room in the house!!!
Sound shoots out the back, not much in front
Good sound. Cannot stream apart from YouTube or Prime
Echo Show
Bigger Screen - Bigger Sound
Needed assistance
Great upgrade!
Great addition to our Alexa home.
This is great!
Awesome
Great improvement
A Crippled Tablet With Great Speakers.
Love it!
Great!
Getting to know Echo
Easy To Set Up and Use
Great gift for my daughter...
Really Impressed
Love my amazon show!
Great product
Nice addition
My Friend in the Kitchen
Perfect
There is a lot to learn when using the device
Nice for the kitchen
Love the technology and look of the Echo Show!
Echo Show
Great item everyone needs this
Alexa and Echo Show you Rock!!
looks good
Great Christmas gift
Echo Show 2 is the Best!
Great
Take It Up A Notch!
Elena show!
Nice new Gen
Easy to use
Hello girl!
Works well with cameras and doorbells.
must have....
Smart home smart
Pricey but good
Excellent product one of the best
Echo Show
Big screens
Great itt
Better Than I Imagined
great
Stepping into Alexa
Pricey
Wow!!
The Best
Works well, could be improved.
Excellent
The clarity and sound is amazing!!
Totally awesome
Great product but no Netflix support
?
Keeps me in touch with parents
Great Quality
Getting knowledgeable
Echo Show
It?s great!
Easy Setup
seriously? this isn't something what I expected
I Like It!
Possessed, Creepy and Likes EDM
Interesting hardware that doesn't really have a point
New favorite Alexa!
Awesome upgrade
Everything We Thought It Would Be!
IT NEEDS TO BE AS EASY TO USE AS THE FIRE TABLET, SAME CAPABILITIES.....
Love it!
Daily prayer
gotta set up
No issues with set up
2nd Generation much better
Ask Alexa
It's awesome
Recommended
Must have
Great Product!
Worth it.
Great
5 STARS
Awsome picture and sound
incredible
Amazing sound quality
Great product
Major upgrade from First generation.
EchoShow -2ndGen. - AMAZING!!
Our 2nd ECHO
Sets itself up, just plug in and turn on
Love my Echo Show!
Great
Good product, terrible support
Awesome
The affluent Alexa
Good product
Echo show
Stay Connected to Love Ones
Echo Show 2nd Gen
Love the Echo Show!!
Buy it you? Love it
UI Needs Some Work
The size is very important, and also the words, which can be seen from afar.
Show gets stuck when switching to Prime video
Over rated
Love it
As expected
Echo show - enhanced life at home!
Revised my rating. Love the echo show.
Wouldnt want to be the person who didnt own this.
Love it, with only minor complaints
Alexa doesn?t seem as robust as Siri, but what she does she does well.
Free music six months
it is very nice
Better than first generation
Lots of features!
Great sound system when I play music.
Thank you
Love!
Better pic and deep sound.
Great purchase
Strong product to tie a smart home together.
Must have
Awesome.
Convenience at the sound of your voice
GREAT
Amazing picture and Sound
Good product.  Not quite as intuitive as I would imagine.
Echo show
Entertaining when cooking
Loved the first one. Love this one even more!
Not what I was expecting it to be
Wonderful option for video calls with aging parents
decent
Echo Show
Excellent Update to the Alexa Suite
Makes a great gift to family
It's smart
We're very impressed!
Arrived quickly
Keeps me connected to family
The sound is amazing
Love this thing
Don?t like the speakers in the back of unit.
The Echo Show 2 has problem with the Righ Video Doorbell dislay
Horizontal bars across video screen
Better than the original
Love my knew Echo Show
get it
Once you try it, there?s no going back!
Love it
The Echo gives me another set of hands!
Echo Show
Screen
It is a lot of fun!
Such a fun companion
Attractive and sounds great.
Dodo
Amazing product
All that I expected!
Movies